book_link	book_description
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23692271	100,000 years ago, at least six human species inhabited the earth. Today there is just one. Us. Homo sapiens. How did our species succeed in the battle for dominance? Why did our foraging ancestors come together to create cities and kingdoms? How did we come to believe in gods, nations and human rights; to trust money, books and laws; and to be enslaved by bureaucracy, tim
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32289	In the tradition of Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey, Robert Sapolsky, a foremost science writer and recipient of a MacArthur Genius Grant, tells the mesmerizing story of his twenty-one years in remote Kenya with a troop of Savannah baboons.“I had never planned to become a savanna baboon when I grew up; instead, I had always assumed I would become a mountain gorilla,” writes R
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11559200	Picking up from A Discovery of Witches’ cliffhanger ending, Shadow of Night takes Diana and Matthew on a trip through time to Elizabethan London, where they are plunged into a world of spies, magic, and a coterie of Matthew’s old friends, the School of Night. As the search for Ashmole 782 deepens and Diana seeks out a witch to tutor her in magic, the net of Matthew’s past
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5659	"There is nothing half so much worth doing as simply messing around in boats."When Mole flees his little underground home he discovers new friends and adventures with Raj, Toad and Badger.This much-loved story has been carefully retold for young children to enjoy. With beautiful illustrations throughout, it provides the perfect introduction to a classic tale.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28257707	Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780062457738In this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people.For decades, we’ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "F**k positivity," Mark Manson says. "Let’s be
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40097951	The Silent Patient is a shocking psychological thriller of a woman’s act of violence against her husband—and of the therapist obsessed with uncovering her motive.Alicia Berenson’s life is seemingly perfect. A famous painter married to an in-demand fashion photographer, she lives in a grand house with big windows overlooking a park in one of London’s most desirable areas. O
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5755	The classic book on the development of human language by the world’s leading expert on language and the mind.In this classic, the world&apos;s expert on language and mind lucidly explains everything you always wanted to know about language: how it works, how children learn it, how it changes, how the brain computes it, and how it evolved. With deft use of examples of humor and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/136251	Harry Potter is leaving Privet Drive for the last time. But as he climbs into the sidecar of Hagrid’s motorbike and they take to the skies, he knows Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters will not be far behind.The protective charm that has kept him safe until now is broken. But the Dark Lord is breathing fear into everything he loves. And he knows he can’t keep hiding.To sto
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18335634	Danger and betrayal, love and loss, secrets and enchantment are woven together in the breathtaking finale to the #1 New York Times bestselling Infernal Devices Trilogy, prequel to the internationally bestselling Mortal Instruments series.THE INFERNAL DEVICES WILL NEVER STOP COMINGA net of shadows begins to tighten around the Shadowhunters of the London Institute. Mortmain
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50214741	The unforgettable, inspiring story of a teenage girl growing up in a rural Nigerian village who longs to get an education so that she can find her “louding voice” and speak up for herself, The Girl with the Louding Voice is a simultaneously heartbreaking and triumphant tale about the power of fighting for your dreams. Despite the seemingly insurmountable obstacles in her p
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43521693	Five New Yorkers must come together in order to defend their city from an ancient evil in the first book of a stunning new series by Hugo award-winning and NYT bestselling author N. K. Jemisin.Every great city has a soul. Some are as ancient as myths, and others are as new and destructive as children. New York City? She&apos;s got six.But every city also has a dark side. A roil
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21442812	This English and Chinese bilingual edition of a "A Madman&apos;s Diary" was first published in 1918 by Lu Xun, one of the greatest writers in 20th-century Chinese literature. This short story is one of the first and most influential modern works written in vernacular Chinese and would become a cornerstone of the New Culture Movement. The story was often referred to as "China&apos;s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29844228	You can’t stop the future. You can’t rewind the past.The only way to learn the secret . . . is to press play.Clay Jensen returns home from school to find a strange package with his name on it lying on his porch. Inside he discovers several cassette tapes recorded by Hannah Baker–his classmate and crush–who committed suicide two weeks earlier. Hannah’s voice tells him that
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4667024	Librarian&apos;s note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereThree ordinary women are about to take one extraordinary step.Twenty-two-year-old Skeeter has just returned home after graduating from Ole Miss. She may have a degree, but it is 1962, Mississippi, and her mother will not be happy till Skeeter has a ring on her finger. Skeeter would normally find solace with her
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1051837	Meant for a one-semester survey course in general economics, this book develops the basic principles of micro and macroeconomic analysis, and employs them as tools rather than ends. It introduces a method of reasoning to think like an economist through example and application. It presents the errors in much popular reasoning about economic events.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52166786	The final chapter in the Daevabad Trilogy, in which a con-woman and an idealistic djinn prince join forces to save a magical kingdom from a devastating civil war.Daevabad has fallen.After a brutal conquest stripped the city of its magic, Nahid leader Banu Manizheh and her resurrected commander, Dara, must try to repair their fraying alliance and stabilize a fractious, warr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9520360	PERCY IS CONFUSED. When he awoke from his long sleep, he didn&apos;t know much more than his name. His brain fuzz is lingering, even after the wolf Lupa told him he is a demigod and trained him to fight with the pen/sword in his pocket. Somehow Percy manages to make it to a camp for half-bloods, despite the fact that he has to keep killing monsters along the way. But the camp d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20518872	The Three-Body Problem is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience the Hugo Award-winning phenomenon from China&apos;s most beloved science fiction author, Liu Cixin.Set against the backdrop of China&apos;s Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction cap
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2657	The unforgettable novel of a childhood in a sleepy Southern town and the crisis of conscience that rocked it. "To Kill A Mockingbird" became both an instant bestseller and a critical success when it was first published in 1960. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and was later made into an Academy Award-winning film, also a classic.Compassionate, dramatic, and dee
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10127019	Most startups fail. But many of those failures are preventable. The Lean Startup is a new approach being adopted across the globe, changing the way companies are built and new products are launched. Eric Ries defines a startup as an organization dedicated to creating something new under conditions of extreme uncertainty. This is just as true for one person in a garage or a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10572	A comet the color of blood and flame cuts across the sky. Two great leaders—Lord Eddard Stark and Robert Baratheon—who hold sway over an age of enforced peace are dead, victims of royal treachery. Now, from the ancient citadel of Dragonstone to the forbidding shores of Winterfell, chaos reigns. Six factions struggle for control of a divided land and the Iron Throne of the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44796	Based on the life of Paul Gauguin, The Moon and Sixpence is W. Somerset Maugham&apos;s ode to the powerful forces behind creative genius. Charles Strickland is a staid banker, a man of wealth and privilege. He is also a man possessed of an unquenchable desire to create art. As Strickland pursues his artistic vision, he leaves London for Paris and Tahiti, and in his quest makes
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54511226	From Brandon Sanderson author of the #1 New York Times bestselling Stormlight Archive and its fourth massive installment, Rhythm of War—comes a new hefty novella, Dawnshard. Taking place between Oathbringer and Rhythm of War, this tale (like Edgedancer before it) gives often-overshadowed characters their own chance to shine.When a ghost ship is discovered, its crew presume
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13284283	George R. R. Martin&apos;s monumental fantasy epic continues in this dazzlingly wrought graphic novel adaptation. In the second volume of A Game of Thrones, the irresistible plot thickens and the spellbinding magic of a master storyteller deepens.For Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, a new role now beckons: Hand of the King-a position of power second onl
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51942513	Jay Shetty, social media superstar and host of the #1 podcast On Purpose, distills the timeless wisdom he learned as a monk into practical steps anyone can take every day to live a less anxious, more meaningful life.When you think like a monk, you’ll understand:- How to overcome negativity- How to stop overthinking- Why comparison kills love- How to use your fear- Why you
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10357575	The year is 1984 and the city is Tokyo.A young woman named Aomame follows a taxi driver’s enigmatic suggestion and begins to notice puzzling discrepancies in the world around her. She has entered, she realizes, a parallel existence, which she calls 1Q84 —“Q is for ‘question mark.’ A world that bears a question.” Meanwhile, an aspiring writer named Tengo takes on a suspect
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36465363	EnglishMein Kampf - "My Struggle") is an autobiography by the National Socialist leader Adolf Hitler, in which he outlines his political ideology and future plans for Germany. Volume 1 of Mein Kampf was published in 1925 and Volume 2 in 1926. The book was edited by Hitler&apos;s deputy Rudolf Hess.Hitler began dictating the book to Hess while imprisoned for what he considered t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6186357	There are alternate cover editions for this ASIN here and here.If you ain’t scared, you ain’t human. When Thomas wakes up in the lift, the only thing he can remember is his name. He’s surrounded by strangers—boys whose memories are also gone. Nice to meet ya, shank. Welcome to the Glade. Outside the towering stone walls that surround the Glade is a limitless, ever-changing
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2095	Stephen Hawking’s phenomenal, multimillion-copy bestseller, A Brief History of Time, introduced the ideas of this brilliant theoretical physicist to readers all over the world.Now, in a major publishing event, Hawking returns with a lavishly illustrated sequel that unravels the mysteries of the major breakthroughs that have occurred in the years since the release of his ac
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45967	Considered the most important work of modern Iranian literature, The Blind Owl is a haunting tale of loss and spiritual degradation. Replete with potent symbolism and terrifying surrealistic imagery, Sadegh Hedayat&apos;s masterpice details a young man&apos;s despair after losing a mysterious lover. And as the author gradually drifts into frenzy and madness, the reader becomes caugh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36315937	The natural magic of the classic The Island of the Blue Dolphins meets the danger and courage of The Hunger Games in this dazzling, intricate stand-alone fantasy novel set in award-winning author Sarah Beth Durst’s beloved world of Renthia.Life is precious and precarious on the islands of Belene. Besieged by a capricious ocean full of malicious spirits, the people of the i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2623	&apos;In what may be Dickens&apos;s best novel, humble, orphaned Pip is apprenticed to the dirty work of the forge but dares to dream of becoming a gentleman — and one day, under sudden and enigmatic circumstances, he finds himself in possession of "great expectations." In this gripping tale of crime and guilt, revenge and reward, the compelling characters include Magwitch, the fear
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42196268	This book contains a list of the different sales funnels you can build in your business. Plus a list of pages for each of the funnel and a list of elements for those pages.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11987	One of the most influential works of this century, this is a crucial exposition of existentialist thought. Influenced by works such as Don Juan, and the novels of Kafka, these essays begin with a meditation on suicide: the question of living or not living in an absurd universe devoid of order or meaning. With lyric eloquence, Camus posits a way out of despair, reaffirming
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51082971	International best-selling author and spiritual guide Kamlesh D. Patel explains how to use the spiritual practices of Heartfulness to expand your consciousness, evolve your mind, find true happiness, and live your purpose.What does destiny mean in the course of our lives? What is fixed and what can we change?We create our destiny, step-by-step, through the journey of life.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5968988	In the early 30s, a detective by the name of Byomkesh Bakshi made an entry into the world of Bengali fiction. This book contains seven of his most entertaining adventures, competently translated. At each reading, one can only marvel at the writer&apos;s genius.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12617	In this pathbreaking work, Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky show that, contrary to the usual image of the news media as cantankerous, obstinate, and ubiquitous in their search for truth and defense of justice, in their actual practice they defend the economic, social, and political agendas of the privileged groups that dominate domestic society, the state, and the global
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/194746	Osamu Dazai&apos;s No Longer Human, this leading postwar Japanese writer&apos;s second novel, tells the poignant and fascinating story of a young man who is caught between the breakup of the traditions of a northern Japanese aristocratic family and the impact of Western ideas. In consequence, he feels himself "disqualified from being human" (a literal translation of the Japanese tit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6350887	The Maradonia Sagastarts as an everyday story. A girl called Maya and a boy called Joey found a mysterious place in a forbidden area which opened the way to a World between the Worlds Maradonia. The Land of MaradoniaWith their arrival in Maradonia a prophecy is fulfilled. Overnight their simple life in the small city of Oceanside has changed completely and they are thrust
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55772152	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/662	This is the story of a man who said that he would stop the motor of the world and did. Was he a destroyer or the greatest of liberators?Why did he have to fight his battle, not against his enemies, but against those who needed him most, and his hardest battle against the woman he loved? What is the world’s motor — and the motive power of every man? You will know the answer
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12996	In Othello, Shakespeare creates a powerful drama of a marriage that begins with fascination (between the exotic Moor Othello and the Venetian lady Desdemona), with elopement, and with intense mutual devotion and that ends precipitately with jealous rage and violent deaths. He sets this story in the romantic world of the Mediterranean, moving the action from Venice to the i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8113026	Nelson Mandela is widely considered to be one of the most inspiring and iconic figures of our age. Now, after a lifetime of taking pen to paper to record thoughts and events, hardships and victories, he has bestowed his entire extant personal papers, which offer an unprecedented insight into his remarkable life.A singular international publishing event, Conversatio
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44770129	Learn a new talent, stay relevant, reinvent yourself, and adapt to whatever the workplace throws your way. Ultralearning offers nine principles to master hard skills quickly. This is the essential guide to future-proof your career and maximize your competitive advantage through self-education.In these tumultuous times of economic and technological change, staying ahead
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11468377	In the highly anticipated Thinking, Fast and Slow, Kahneman takes us on a groundbreaking tour of the mind and explains the two systems that drive the way we think. System 1 is fast, intuitive, and emotional; System 2 is slower, more deliberative, and more logical. Kahneman exposes the extraordinary capabilities—and also the faults and biases—of fast thinking, and reveals t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15843166	The #1 New York Times Bestseller You Are A Badass is the self-help book for people who desperately want to improve their lives but don&apos;t want to get busted doing it.In this refreshingly entertaining how-to guide, #1 New York Times Bestselling Author and world-traveling success coach, Jen Sincero, serves up 27 bite-sized chapters full of hilariously inspiring stories, sage
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54033845	A timely, must-have guide to understanding and overcoming bias in the workplace, from the experts at FranklinCovey.Unconscious bias affects everyone. It can look like the disappointment of an HR professional when a candidate for a new position asks about maternity leave. It can look like preferring the application of an Ivy League graduate over one from a state school. It
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/641604	The acclaimed Wall Street Journal and Business Week Bestseller.You&apos;re either a Purple Cow or you&apos;re not. You&apos;re either remarkable or invisible. Make your choice. What do Starbucks and JetBlue and KrispyKreme and Apple and DutchBoy and Kensington and Zespri and Hard Candy have that you don&apos;t? How do they continue to confound critics and achieve spectacular growth, leaving b
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30257963	What does everyone in the modern world need to know? Renowned psychologist Jordan B. Peterson&apos;s answer to this most difficult of questions uniquely combines the hard-won truths of ancient tradition with the stunning revelations of cutting-edge scientific research.Humorous, surprising, and informative, Dr. Peterson tells us why skateboarding boys and girls must be left alon
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/147941	Hardback book. 204 pages.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4671	Alternate Cover Edition ISBN: 0743273567 (ISBN13: 9780743273565)The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald&apos;s third book, stands as the supreme achievement of his career. This exemplary novel of the Jazz Age has been acclaimed by generations of readers. The story is of the fabulously wealthy Jay Gatsby and his new love for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan, of lavish parties on Long
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10917	Anna is not sick, but she might as well be. By age thirteen, she has undergone countless surgeries, transfusions, and shots so that her older sister, Kate, can somehow fight the leukemia that has plagued her since childhood. The product of preimplantation genetic diagnosis, Anna was conceived as a bone marrow match for Kate—a life and a role that she has never challenged..
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8921	We owe The Hound of the Baskervilles (1902) to Arthur Conan Doyle&apos;s good friend Fletcher "Bobbles" Robinson, who took him to visit some scary English moors and prehistoric ruins, and told him marvelous local legends about escaped prisoners and a 17th-century aristocrat who fell afoul of the family dog. Doyle transmogrified the legend: generations ago, a hound of hell tore
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25251380	I want to be direct, my name is Greg. I go by "Onision" online. This book is made up of events that occurred in my own life mixed with fiction from the made up life of James. James is essentially a better version of myself. His home, his school & his life all resemble my own at his age. The people James analyzes and is surrounded by are not so unlike those I&apos;ve known as we
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32831	After hijacking a balloon from a Confederate camp, a band of five northern prisoners escapes the American Civil War. Seven thousand miles later, they drop from the clouds onto an uncharted volcanic island in the Pacific. Through teamwork, scientific knowledge, engineering, and perseverance, they endeavour to build a colony from scratch. But this island of abundant resource
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/117833	The first complete, annotated English Translation of Mikhail Bulgakov&apos;s comic masterpiece.An audacious revision of the stories of Faust and Pontius Pilate, The Master and Margarita is recognized as one of the essential classics of modern Russian literature. The novel&apos;s vision of Soviet life in the 1930s is so ferociously accurate that it could not be published during its a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35510008	The Sunday Times Number One Bestseller and Humour Book of the YearWinner of the Books Are My Bag Book of the YearWinner of iBooks&apos; Book of the YearWelcome to the life of a junior doctor: 97-hour weeks, life and death decisions, a constant tsunami of bodily fluids, and the hospital parking meter earns more than you.Scribbled in secret after endless days, sleepless nights an
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/228063	Watanuki Kimihiro is haunted by visions of ghosts and spirits. Seemingly by chance, he encounters a mysterious witch named Yuuko, who claims she can help. In desperation, he accepts, but realizes that he&apos;s just been tricked into working for Yuuko in order to pay off the cost of her services. Soon he&apos;s employed in her little shop--a job which turns out to be nothing like hi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/960	World-renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze a cryptic symbol seared into the chest of a murdered physicist. What he discovers is unimaginable: a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization -- the Illuminati. In a desperate race to save the Vatican from a powerful time bomb
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18405	Scarlett O&apos;Hara, the beautiful, spoiled daughter of a well-to-do Georgia plantation owner, must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of the poverty she finds herself in after Sherman&apos;s March to the Sea.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30	This four-volume, boxed set contains J.R.R. Tolkien&apos;s epic masterworks The Hobbit and the three volumes of The Lord of the Rings (The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, and The Return of the King).In The Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins is whisked away from his comfortable, unambitious life in Hobbiton by the wizard Gandalf and a company of dwarves. He finds himself caught up in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33	One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind themIn ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven-smiths, and Sauron, the Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle-earth, i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52762903	Eva Traube Abrams, a semi-retired librarian in Florida, is shelving books one morning when her eyes lock on a photograph in a magazine lying open nearby. She freezes; it’s an image of a book she hasn’t seen in sixty-five years—a book she recognizes as The Book of Lost Names. The accompanying article discusses the looting of libraries by the Nazis across Europe during World
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/533016	An ice-cold killer is on the loose, and brilliant Dr. Kenzo Tenma is the only one who can stop him! Conspiracies, serial murders, and a scathing indictment of hospital politics are all masterfully woven together in this compelling manga thriller. Tenma risks his promising medical career to save the life of a critically wounded young boy. Unbeknownst to him, this child is d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26541659	Su švelniu humoru parašyta istorija apie mergaitę Polianą, išmokiusią apylinkės žmones žaisti “džiaugsmo žaidimą".
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25541028	Elon Musk, the entrepreneur and innovator behind SpaceX, Tesla, and SolarCity, sold one of his internet companies, PayPal, for $1.5 billion. Ashlee Vance captures the full spectacle and arc of the genius&apos;s life and work, from his tumultuous upbringing in South Africa and flight to the United States to his dramatic technical innovations and entrepreneurial pursuits. Vance u
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1885	Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780679783268Since its immediate success in 1813, Pride and Prejudice has remained one of the most popular novels in the English language. Jane Austen called this brilliant work "her own darling child" and its vivacious heroine, Elizabeth Bennet, "as delightful a creature as ever appeared in print." The romantic clash between the opinionated
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1166131	CHERUB agents are highly trained, extremely talented--and all under the age of seventeen. For official purposes, these agents do not exist. They are sent out on missions to spy on terrorists, hack into crucial documents, and gather intel on global threats—all without gadgets or weapons. It is an exceptionally dangerous job, but these agents have one crucial advantage: adul
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/98233	Founders at Work: Stories of Startups&apos; Early Days is a collection of interviews with founders of famous technology companies about what happened in the very earliest days. These people are celebrities now. What was it like when they were just a couple friends with an idea? Founders like Steve Wozniak (Apple), Caterina Fake (Flickr), Mitch Kapor (Lotus), Max Levchin (PayPal
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5472	This edition features George Orwell&apos;s best known novels – 1984 and Animal Farm – with an introduction by Christopher Hitchens. In 1984, London is a grim city where Big Brother is always watching you and the Thought Police can practically read your mind.  Winston Smith joins a secret revolutionary organization called The Brotherhood, dedicated to the destruction of the Part
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26233561	Discover The Real Reason You’re Not Achieving Your Financial Goals No Matter What You Try – And The Very First Thing You Must Do Differently To Ever Stand A Chance Of Getting Rich
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30597	This extraordinary historical novel, set in Medieval Paris under the twin towers of its greatest structure and supreme symbol, the cathedral of Notre-Dame, is the haunting drama of Quasimodo, the hunchback; Esmeralda, the gypsy dancer; and Claude Frollo, the priest tortured by the specter of his own damnation. Shaped by a profound sense of tragic irony, it is a work that g
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/535739	For more than a century and a half, Dream of the Red Chamber has been recognized in China as the greatest of its novels, a Chinese Romeo-and-Juliet love story and a portrait of one of the world&apos;s great civilizations. Chi-chen Wang&apos;s translation is skillful and accurate.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53639	The classic novel, international sensation, and inspiration for the film starring Anthony Quinn explores the struggle between the aesthetic and the rational, the inner life and the life of the mind.The classic novel Zorba the Greek is the story of two men, their incredible friendship, and the importance of living life to the fullest. Zorba, a Greek working man, is a larger
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40672036	Minimalism is the art of knowing how much is just enough. Digital minimalism applies this idea to our personal technology. It&apos;s the key to living a focused life in an increasingly noisy world.In this timely and enlightening book, the bestselling author of Deep Work introduces a philosophy for technology use that has already improved countless lives.Digital minimalists are
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27822	Eugene Onegin is the master work of the poet whom Russians regard as the fountainhead of their literature. Set in imperial Russia during the 1820s, Pushkin&apos;s novel in verse follows the emotions and destiny of three men - Onegin the bored fop, Lensky the minor elegiast, and a stylized Pushkin himself - and the fates and affections of three women - Tatyana the provincial bea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17913961	با مدیریت زمان، مدیریت زندگی را در دست بگیرید و موفقیت بیشتری کسب نمائید.ممکن است افراد با استعدادی را اطراف خود ببینید که چندان موفق نیستند. تنها یک دلیل برای آن وجود دارد! استفاده نکردن درست از زمان.عنصر ضروری برای دستیابی به موفقیت در زندگی و کسب‌و‌کار، مدیریت زمان است. مدیریت زمان، یک مهارت است که می‌توانید تکنیک‌های آن را یاد بگیرید و تکرار کنید. افراد موفق به هیچ عنو
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29399376	In Acres of Diamonds, Russell Conwell shows success is a spiritual idea--the result of spiritual principles. Though not a "get rich guide," Conwell&apos;s book shows how to find a fortune-if you know where to look. There are as many opportunities for success today as in Conwell&apos;s time, if not more so, because they are found first and foremost in one&apos;s own conscience. Through hi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51807232	Private Detective Cormoran Strike is visiting his family in Cornwall when he is approached by a woman asking for help finding her mother, Margot Bamborough — who went missing in mysterious circumstances in 1974.Strike has never tackled a cold case before, let alone one forty years old. But despite the slim chance of success, he is intrigued and takes it on; adding to the l
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11527627	"The Summons of the Divine Presence extends across time and place through all heaven-sent revelations. At the core of every heart it reaches it creates a desire to lift the veil between the human and the Divine, not merely to believe and worship and practice, but to see, know, and be with the One who is greater than all. Sufism is a way of worship of the Divine through suc
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41214329	This comprehensive and beautifully illustrated introduction to trees and the important role they play is part of the essential Nature All Around series. The book first explores the parts of trees, their life cycles, the difference between deciduous and evergreen trees, leaf types and the processes of photosynthesis and respiration. Then it takes readers through a year in t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43701061	In the small north Florida town of Seabrook, a young lawyer named Keith Russo was shot dead at his desk as he worked late one night. The killer left no clues behind. There were no witnesses, no real suspects, no one with a motive. The police soon settled on Quincy Miller, a young black man who was once a client of Russo’s.Quincy was framed, convicted, and sent to prison fo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17877	Accused of political subversion as a young man, Fyodor Dostoyevsky was sentenced to four years of hard labor at a Siberian prison camp — a horrifying experience from which he developed this astounding semi-autobiographical memoir of a man condemned to ten years of servitude for murdering his wife.As with a number of the author&apos;s other works, this profoundly influential nov
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18176747	A lot of people talk about how great it is to start a business, but only Ben Horowitz is brutally honest about how hard it is to run one.In The Hard Thing About Hard Things, Ben Horowitz, cofounder of Andreessen Horowitz and one of Silicon Valley&apos;s most respected and experienced entrepreneurs, draws on his own story of founding, running, selling, buying, managing, and inve
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28996827	THE GREAT GATSBY is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan. Cons
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/359194	Renowned social psychologist and creator of the "Stanford Prison Experiment," Philip Zimbardo explores the mechanisms that make good people do bad things, how moral people can be seduced into acting immorally, and what this says about the line separating good from evil.The Lucifer Effect explains how—and the myriad reasons why—we are all susceptible to the lure of “the dar
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/228665	The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and pass. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow.Let the Dragon ride again on the winds of time.The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, an Age of P
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/687278	The beautiful practicality of her teaching has made Pema Chödrön one of the most beloved of contemporary American spiritual authors among Buddhists and non-Buddhists alike. A collection of talks she gave between 1987 and 1994, the book is a treasury of wisdom for going on living when we are overcome by pain and difficulties. Chödrön discusses:    •  Using painful emotions
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/117047	***30th Anniversary Edition*** Cover note: Each copy of the anniversary edition of The Blind Watchmaker features a unique biomorph. No two covers are exactly alike.Acclaimed as the most influential work on evolution written in the last hundred years, The Blind Watchmaker offers an inspiring and accessible introduction to one of the most important scientific discoveries of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1768603	Introducing a major literary talent, The White Tiger offers a story of coruscating wit, blistering suspense, and questionable morality, told by the most volatile, captivating, and utterly inimitable narrator that this millennium has yet seen. Balram Halwai is a complicated man. Servant. Philosopher. Entrepreneur. Murderer. Over the course of seven nights, by the scattered
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2991082	Control your nerves, prepare a presentation that moves people, craft robust openings and endings, use visual aids to amplify your talk, rehearse to get the best results.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22609391	Librarian&apos;s note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereTwo-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize David McCullough tells the dramatic story-behind-the-story about the courageous brothers who taught the world how to fly: Wilbur and Orville Wright.On a winter day in 1903, in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, two unknown brothers from Ohio changed history. But it would tak
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/482579	This is a "success manual" that gives readers a step by step plan for taking control of their lives and unleashing their incredible potential. The book consists of 12 Lessons: Your Attitude is Your Window to the World; You&apos;re A Human Magnet; Picture Your Way to Success; Make a Commitment and You&apos;ll Move Mountains; Turn Your Problems into Opportunities; Your Words Blaze A T
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55452991	Kitty Spencer has been in love with Judge since she can remember, and when he asks for her sister&apos;s hand in marriage, she knows her heart may never heal. But one turn of events changes everything and she realizes maybe things aren’t always as they seem. Judge Russo has had his plan in place for years. But just when he thinks he’s getting everything he wants, Kitty goes and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45754981	From the award-winning author of Station Eleven, an exhilarating novel set at the glittering intersection of two seemingly disparate events–a massive Ponzi scheme collapse and the mysterious disappearance of a woman from a ship at sea.Vincent is a bartender at the Hotel Caiette, a five-star lodging on the northernmost tip of Vancouver Island. On the night she meets Jonatha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11438	Alternate-cover edition can be found here In his second collection, Carver establishes his reputation as one of the most celebrated and beloved short-story writers in American literature—a haunting meditation on love, loss, and companionship, and finding one’s way through the dark.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55313605	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10818853	When literature student Anastasia Steele goes to interview young entrepreneur Christian Grey, she encounters a man who is beautiful, brilliant, and intimidating. The unworldly, innocent Ana is startled to realize she wants this man and, despite his enigmatic reserve, finds she is desperate to get close to him. Unable to resist Ana’s quiet beauty, wit, and independent spiri
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18705209	Nico had warned them. Going through the House of Hades would stir the demigods&apos; worst memories. Their ghosts would become restless. Nico may actually become a ghost if he has to shadow-travel with Reyna and Coach Hedge one more time. But that might be better than the alternative: allowing someone else to die, as Hades foretold.Jason&apos;s ghost is his mother, who abandoned him
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1274	Once upon a time Martians and Venusians met, fell in love, and had happy relationships together because they respected and accepted their differences. Then they came to Earth and amnesia set in: they forgot they were from different planets.Based on years of successful counseling of couples and individuals, Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus has helped millions of coup
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37677996	9 Hours and 58 MinutesFrom author Gilly Macmillan comes this original, chilling and twisty mystery about two shocking murder cases twenty years apart, and the threads that bind them.Twenty years ago, eleven-year-olds Charlie Paige and Scott Ashby were murdered in the city of Bristol, their bodies dumped near a dog racing track. A man was convicted of the brutal crime, but
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/105576	Five Point Someone is a story about three friends in IIT who are unable to cope.The book starts with a disclaimer, “This is not a book to teach you how to get into IIT or even how to live in college. In fact, it describes how screwed up things can get if you don’t think straight.”Three hostelmates – Alok, Hari and Ryan get off to a bad start in IIT – they screw up the firs
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1618	Christopher John Francis Boone knows all the countries of the world and their capitals and every prime number up to 7,057. He relates well to animals but has no understanding of human emotions. He cannot stand to be touched. And he detests the color yellow.Although gifted with a superbly logical brain, for fifteen-year-old Christopher everyday interactions and admonishment
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/80468	Capital, Vol 3, subtitled The Process of Capitalist Production as a Whole, was prepared by Friedrich Engels from notes left by Marx & published in 1894. It&apos;s in seven parts:1.The conversion of Surplus Value into Profit & the rate of Surplus Value into the rate of Profit2.Conversion of Profit into Average Profit3.The Law of the Tendency of the Rate of Profit to Fall4.Conver
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18050143	If you want to build a better future, you must believe in secrets.The great secret of our time is that there are still uncharted frontiers to explore and new inventions to create. In Zero to One, legendary entrepreneur and investor Peter Thiel shows how we can find singular ways to create those new things. Thiel begins with the contrarian premise that we live in an age of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24003213	A disturbed grave in a century-old cemetery. A ciphered message. A mysterious `repeater&apos;... On a visit to the Park Street cemetery in Calcutta, Feluda and his friends chance upon an old grave that has been dug into. Slight clues lead them into the heart of a mystery that is both complex and blood-curdling. When the jigsaw that involves a seance in a gloomy old building, a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/105578	Press 1 for technical support. Press 2 for broken hearts.Press 3 if your life has totally crashed. . . . Six friends work nights at a call center in India, providing technical support for a major U.S. appliance corporation. Skilled in patience–and accent management–they help American consumers keep their lives running. Yet behind the headsets, everybody’s heart is on the l
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49381341	HARRY DRESDEN IS BACK AND READY FOR ACTION, in the new entry in the #1 New York Times bestselling Dresden Files.  When the Supernatural nations of the world meet up to negotiate an end to ongoing hostilities, Harry Dresden, Chicago&apos;s only professional wizard, joins the White Council&apos;s security team to make sure the talks stay civil. But can he succeed, when dark politi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32275	How did the replication bomb we call ”life” begin and where in the world, or rather, in the universe, is it heading? Writing with characteristic wit and an ability to clarify complex phenomena (the New York Times described his style as ”the sort of science writing that makes the reader feel like a genius”), Richard Dawkins confronts this ancient mystery.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5107	The hero-narrator of The Catcher in the Rye is an ancient child of sixteen, a native New Yorker named Holden Caulfield. Through circumstances that tend to preclude adult, secondhand description, he leaves his prep school in Pennsylvania and goes underground in New York City for three days. The boy himself is at once too simple and too complex for us to make any final comme
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4950	Off the easternmost corner of India, in the Bay of Bengal, lies the immense labyrinth of tiny islands known as the Sundarbans, where settlers live in fear of drowning tides and man-eating tigers. Piya Roy, a young American marine biologist of Indian descent, arrives in this lush, treacherous landscape in search of a rare species of river dolphin and enlists the aid of a lo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13530981	Suffused with Munro&apos;s clarity of vision and her unparalleled gift for storytelling, these tales about departures and beginnings, accidents and dangers, and outgoings and homecomings both imagined and real, paint a radiant, indelible portrait of how strange, perilous, and extraordinary ordinary life can be.Alice Munro&apos;s peerless ability to give us the essence of a life in o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54911607	It&apos;s the wedding of the year. But someone won&apos;t survive it.On a remote island off the coast of Ireland, guests gather to celebrate the wedding of Jules Keegan and Will Slater. Will is a rising television star, handsome and charming. Jules is a smart, ambitious magazine publisher. Though the sea is a little choppy and the cell service spotty, their wedding is everything you
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28186015	We live in the age of the algorithm. Increasingly, the decisions that affect our lives--where we go to school, whether we can get a job or a loan, how much we pay for health insurance--are being made not by humans, but by machines. In theory, this should lead to greater fairness: Everyone is judged according to the same rules.But as mathematician and data scientist Cathy O
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/295132	This New York Times bestseller (more than 200,000 hardcover copies sold) provides a path-breaking lifestyle handbook that shows how to add spirituality, depth, and meaning to modern-day life by nurturing the soul.Readers are presented with a revolutionary approach to thinking about daily life—everyday activities, events, problems and creative opportunities—and a therapeuti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19346451	The Garde have suffered an unbearable loss. Number Five has betrayed them. Eight is gone forever. Ella has been kidnapped. The others are now scattered.In Chicago, John makes the unlikeliest of allies: Adam, a Mogadorian who turned his back on his people. He has invaluable information about Mog technology, battle strategies, and weaknesses. Most important, he knows where t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36336078	Call Me by Your Name is the story of a sudden and powerful romance that blossoms between an adolescent boy and a summer guest at his parents&apos; cliff-side mansion on the Italian Riviera. Unprepared for the consequences of their attraction, at first each feigns indifference. But during the restless summer weeks that follow, unrelenting buried currents of obsession and fear, f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5805	"Remember, remember the fifth of November..."A frightening and powerful tale of the loss of freedom and identity in a chillingly believable totalitarian world, V for Vendetta stands as one of the highest achievements of the comics medium and a defining work for creators Alan Moore and David Lloyd.Set in an imagined future England that has given itself over to fascism, this
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2129518	This is not a hoax. Jim Theis was a real person, who wrote The Eye of Argon in all seriousness as a teenager, and published it in a fanzine, Osfan in 1970. But the story did not pass into the oblivion that awaits most amateur fiction. Instead, a miracle happened, and transcribed and photocopied texts began to circulate in science fiction circles, gaining a wide and incredu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49098281	It starts with a shocking accusation...Stephanie and Patrick are recently married, with new-born twins. While Stephanie struggles with the disorienting effects of sleep deprivation, there’s one thing she knows for certain – she has everything she ever wanted.Then a woman from his past arrives and makes a shocking accusation about his first wife. He always claimed her death
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3431	From the author of the phenomenal #1 New York Times bestseller Tuesdays with Morrie, a novel that explores the unexpected connections of our lives, and the idea that heaven is more than a place; it&apos;s an answer. Eddie is a wounded war veteran, an old man who has lived, in his mind, an uninspired life. His job is fixing rides at a seaside amusement park. On his 83rd birthday
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/194366	&apos;Holmes,&apos; I cried. &apos;Is it really you? Can it indeed be that you are alive? Is it possible that you succeeded in climbing out of that awful abyss?&apos;Missing, presumed dead, for three years, Sherlock Holmes returns triumphantly to his dear companion Dr Watson. And not before time! London has never been in more need of his extraordinary services: a murderous individual with an
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15743828	In his latest book, What Young India Wants, Chetan Bhagat asks hard questions, demands answers and presents solutions for a better, more prosperous India.Why do our students regularly commit suicide?Why is there so much corruption in India?Cant our political parties ever work together?Does our vote make any difference at all?We love our India, but shouldnt some things be d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/759945	The Magic of Thinking Big gives you useful methods, not empty promises. Dr. Schwartz presents a carefully designed program for getting the most out of your job, your marriage and family life, and your community. He proves that you don&apos;t need to be an intellectual or have innate talent to attain great success and satisfaction, but you do need to learn and understand the hab
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13023	This is an adaptation. For the editions of the original book, see here.Alice&apos;s Adventures in Wonderland (commonly shortened to Alice in Wonderland) is an 1865 novel written by English mathematician Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the pseudonym Lewis Carroll. It tells of a girl named Alice falling through a rabbit hole into a fantasy world populated by peculiar, anthropo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55794451	It was the time of the French Revolution -- a time of great change and great danger.It was a time when injustice was met by a lust for vengeance, and rarely was a distinction made between the innocent and the guilty. Against this tumultuous historical backdrop, Dickens&apos; great story of unsurpassed adventure and courage unfolds.Unjustly imprisoned for 18 years in the Bastill
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2998	"One of the most delightful and enduring classics of children&apos;s literature, The Secret Garden by Victorian author Frances Hodgson Burnett has remained a firm favorite with children the world over ever since it made its first appearance. Initially published as a serial story in 1910 in The American Magazine, it was brought out in novel form in 1911.  The plot centers round
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53287484	When Edward Cullen and Bella Swan met in Twilight, an iconic love story was born. But until now, fans have heard only Bella&apos;s side of the story. At last, readers can experience Edward&apos;s version in the long-awaited companion novel, Midnight Sun.This unforgettable tale as told through Edward&apos;s eyes takes on a new and decidedly dark twist. Meeting Bella is both the most unner
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44544254	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9460487	Alternate Cover edition for ISBN 9781594744761A mysterious island. An abandoned orphanage. A strange collection of very curious photographs. It all waits to be discovered in Miss Peregrine&apos;s Home for Peculiar Children, an unforgettable novel that mixes fiction and photography in a thrilling reading experience. As our story opens, a horrific family tragedy sets sixteen-year
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24213	"I can&apos;t explain myself, I&apos;m afraid, sir," said Alice, "Because I&apos;m not myself, you see."When Alice sees a white rabbit take a watch out of its waistcoat pocket she decides to follow it, and a sequence of most unusual events is set in motion. This mini book contains the entire topsy-turvy stories of Alice&apos;s Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass, accompanie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12609433	A young woman walks into a laboratory. Over the past two years, she has transformed almost every aspect of her life. She has quit smoking, run a marathon, and been promoted at work. The patterns inside her brain, neurologists discover, have fundamentally changed.Marketers at Procter & Gamble study videos of people making their beds. They are desperately trying to figure ou
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/448061	Master astrologer Linda Goodman provides fundamental and practical insight into the power of love in this world-famous and sensationally bestselling guide.Can a Gemini man find happiness with a Virgo woman? Will it be smooth sailing or perpetual fireworks for the Scorpio female and the Libra male? Linda Goodman&apos;s Love Signs offers compelling insight and advice for every zo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55889058	Pumpkin is on a plane back home for Thanksgiving when the man beside her becomes the jerk nobody wants to sit beside. When a dark and handsome Russian comes to her rescue and makes the sleazy neighbor switch seats, she&apos;s forever in his debt. Miller wasn&apos;t planning on coming back to Texas this soon, but an emergency lands him on a commercial flight with a woman that he can&apos;
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55361205	A riveting, deeply personal account of history in the making, from the president who inspired us to believe in the power of democracy. In the stirring, highly anticipated first volume of his presidential memoirs, Barack Obama tells the story of his improbable odyssey from young man searching for his identity to leader of the free world, describing in strikingly personal de
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3954368	&apos;It&apos;s not really kidnapping, is it? He&apos;d have to be alive for it to be proper kidnapping.&apos;Kenny, Sim and Blake are about to embark on a remarkable journey of friendship. Stealing the urn containing the ashes of their best friend Ross, they set out from Cleethorpes on the east coast to travel the 261 miles to the tiny hamlet of Ross in Dumfries and Galloway. After a depress
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/204042	Naruto is a ninja-in-training with an incorrigible knack for mischief. His wild antics amuse his teammates, but Naruto is completely serious about one thing: becoming the world&apos;s greatest ninja! UZUMAKI NARUTO Twelve years ago the Village Hidden in the Leaves was attacked by a fearsome threat. A nine-tailed fox spirit claimed the life of the village leader, the Hokage, and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13487932	کتاب صوتی دارن هاردی نویسنده و برجسته ترین سخنران موفقیت در جهان با موضوع تغییر در سبک زندگی و مدیریت شخصی سرشار از نکات و تکنیک هایی است که به شما کمک می کند که مسیر موفقیت را بشناسید و در آن قدم بردارید.آلبرت انیشتین گفته:«اون طرز فکری که باعث شده به جایگاه فعلیتون برسید، فقط مال الآنه و نمیتونه شما را به هدف بعدیتونبرسونه. پس باید تغییرش بدید..».تفکر درباره بهترین سال ز
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44510385	Imagine that your husband has two other wives. You’ve never met the other wives. None of you know each other, and because of this unconventional arrangement, you can see your husband only one day a week. But you love him so much you don’t care. Or at least that’s what you’ve told yourself.But one day, while you’re doing laundry, you find a scrap of paper in his pocket—an a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9454	Perhaps one of the most revolutionary works of philosophy ever presented, The Phenomenology of Spirit is Hegel&apos;s 1807 work that is in numerous ways extraordinary. It begins with a Preface, created after the rest of the manuscript was completed, that explains the core of his method and what sets it apart from any preceding philosophy. The Introduction, written before the re
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11735983	One choice can transform you—or it can destroy you. But every choice has consequences, and as unrest surges in the factions all around her, Tris Prior must continue trying to save those she loves—and herself—while grappling with haunting questions of grief and forgiveness, identity and loyalty, politics and love.Tris&apos;s initiation day should have been marked by celebration
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/324748	A New York Times, USA Today, and Wall Street Journal bestseller  In this iconic bestseller, popular business blogger and bestselling author Seth Godin proves that winners are really just the best quitters. Godin shows that winners quit fast, quit often, and quit without guilt--until they commit to beating the right Dip.Every new project (or job, or hobby, or company) start
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60080	Immanuel Kant&apos;s Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals ranks alongside Plato&apos;s Republic and Aristotle&apos;s Nicomachean Ethics as one of an influential work in moral philosophy. Its aim is to search for and establish the supreme principle of morality, the categorical imperative. He argues that every human being is an end in himself or herself, never to be used as a means by o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37912970	An electrifying debut thriller for fans of Anatomy of a Scandal, Apple Tree Yard, and Gone Girl.Alison has it all. A doting husband, adorable daughter, and a career on the rise - she&apos;s just been given her first murder case to defend. But all is never as it seems...Just one more night. Then I&apos;ll end it. Alison drinks too much. She&apos;s neglecting her family. And she&apos;s havi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9872091	Post-Chaos 2029. Adam, Sarah and Mia are living together, struggling with the fame of seeing numbers - the dates when people will die. But something is about to tear them apart. During The Chaos, Sarah&apos;s young daughter Mia swapped her number for another. Suddenly her powerful new ability makes her a terrifying target.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53061	The world-famous masterpiece by Nobel laureate Thomas Mann -- here in a new translation by Michael Henry Heim.Published on the eve of World War I, a decade after Buddenbrooks had established Thomas Mann as a literary celebrity, Death in Venice tells the story of Gustav von Aschenbach, a successful but aging writer who follows his wanderlust to Venice in search of spiritual
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2156	Twenty-seven-year old Anne Elliot is Austen&apos;s most adult heroine. Eight years before the story proper begins, she is happily betrothed to a naval officer, Frederick Wentworth, but she precipitously breaks off the engagement when persuaded by her friend Lady Russell that such a match is unworthy. The breakup produces in Anne a deep and long-lasting regret. When later Wentwo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13588356	Researcher and thought leader Dr. Brené Brown offers a powerful new vision that encourages us to dare greatly: to embrace vulnerability and imperfection, to live wholeheartedly, and to courageously engage in our lives. “It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39288400	In this generation-defining self-help guide, a superstar blogger cuts through the crap to show us how to stop trying to be "positive" all the time so that we can truly become better, happier people.For decades, we’ve been told that positive thinking is the key to a happy, rich life. "F**k positivity," Mark Manson says. "Let’s be honest, shit is f**ked and we have to live w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6708	Eckhart Tolle&apos;s message is simple: living in the now is the truest path to happiness and enlightenment. And while this message may not seem stunningly original or fresh, Tolle&apos;s clear writing, supportive voice and enthusiasm make this an excellent manual for anyone who&apos;s ever wondered what exactly "living in the now" means. Foremost, Tolle is a world-class teacher, able to
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1430	Eleven Minutes is the story of Maria, a young girl from a Brazilian village, whose first innocent brushes with love leave her heartbroken. At a tender age, she becomes convinced that she will never find true love, instead believing that “love is a terrible thing that will make you suffer. . . .” A chance meeting in Rio takes her to Geneva, where she dreams of finding fame
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37507173	POLITICAL CORRECTNESS WON&apos;T SAVE YOUFormer Army Ranger Jake Rivers is not your typical Kelton College student. He is not spoiled, coddled, or ultra-lib like his classmates who sneer at the "soldier boy."Rivers is not "triggered" by "microaggressions." He is not outraged by "male privilege" and"cisgender bathrooms." He does not need a "safe space." Or coloring books. Jake n
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3581	Since his first appearance in Beeton’s Christmas Annual in 1887, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s Sherlock Holmes has been one of the most beloved fictional characters ever created. Now, in two paperback volumes, Bantam presents all fifty-six short stories and four novels featuring Conan Doyle’s classic hero - a truly complete collection of Sherlock Holmes’s adventures in crime!Vo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1963638	What would it be like to free yourself from limitations and soar beyond your boundaries? What can you do each day to discover inner peace and serenity? The Untethered Soul—now a #1 New York Times bestseller—offers simple yet profound answers to these questions.Whether this is your first exploration of inner space, or you’ve devoted your life to the inward journey, this boo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19619596	A boy who can recall his past life. A hint of hidden treasure. An adventure in the desert of Rajasthan... In one of their most hair-raising escapades ever, Feluda and Topshe set out for Rajasthan on the trail of the parapsychologist Dr Hajra and Mukul, a boy who claims he remembers his previous life. On the way they meet Jatayu, an author of popular crime thrillers, who de
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/256683	When fifteen-year-old Clary Fray heads out to the Pandemonium Club in New York City, she hardly expects to witness a murder― much less a murder committed by three teenagers covered with strange tattoos and brandishing bizarre weapons. Then the body disappears into thin air. It&apos;s hard to call the police when the murderers are invisible to everyone else and when there is not
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/70720	Imaginez-vous perdu dans le désert, loin de tout lieu habité, et face à un petit garçon tout blond, surgi de nulle part. Si de surcroît ce petit garçon vous demande avec insistance de dessiner un mouton, vous voilà plus qu&apos;étonné ! À partir de là, vous n&apos;aurez plus qu&apos;une seule interrogation : savoir d&apos;où vient cet étrange petit bonhomme et connaître son histoire.S&apos;ouvre a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7740	Gulliver set sail not knowing what fantastic adventures await him. First he is shipwrecked on the island of Lilliput where the people are only six inches high! Then, he voyages to Brobdingnag, a land of towering giants. Will Gulliver ever make it back home?
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40948565	Today, He is a God. 4000 years ago, He was just a man. The hunt is on. The sinister Naga warrior has killed his friend Brahaspati and now stalks his wife Sati. Shiva, the Tibetan immigrant who is the prophesied destroyer of evil, will not rest till he finds his demonic adversary. His vengeance and the path to evil will lead him to the door of the Nagas, the serpent people.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18682791	This book was converted from its physical edition to the digital format by a community of volunteers. You may find it for free on the web. Purchase of the Kindle edition includes wireless delivery.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49127718	A poignant, charming novel about a crime that never took place, a would-be bank robber who disappears into thin air, and eight extremely anxious strangers who find they have more in common than they ever imaginedLooking at real estate isn&apos;t usually a life-or-death situation, but an apartment open house becomes just that when a failed bank robber bursts in and takes a group
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12220	The Pulitzer Prize and Drama Critics Circle Award winning play—reissued with an introduction by Arthur Miller (Death of a Salesman and The Crucible), and Williams’ essay “The World I Live In.”It is a very short list of 20th-century American plays that continue to have the same power and impact as when they first appeared—57 years after its Broadway premiere, Tennessee Will
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6936382	Anna is looking forward to her senior year in Atlanta, where she has a great job, a loyal best friend, and a crush on the verge of becoming more. Which is why she is less than thrilled about being shipped off to boarding school in Paris--until she meets Étienne St. Clair. Smart, charming, beautiful, Étienne has it all...including a serious girlfriend. But in the City of Li
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7190	Alexandre Dumas’s most famous tale— and possibly the most famous historical novel of all time— in a handsome hardcover volume.This swashbuckling epic of chivalry, honor, and derring-do, set in France during the 1620s, is richly populated with romantic heroes, unattainable heroines, kings, queens, cavaliers, and criminals in a whirl of adventure, espionage, conspiracy, murd
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35035160	From Daniel M. Lavery comes a collection of darkly mischievous stories based on classic fairy tales. Adapted from his beloved "Children&apos;s Stories Made Horrific" series, The Merry Spinster takes up the trademark wit that endeared Lavery to readers of both The Toast and his best-selling debut Texts from Jane Eyre. The feature become among the most popular on the site, with e
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52541753	30 years after "The Killing Joke" changed comics forever, "The Three Jokers" re-examines the myth of who, or what, is the Joker and what is at the heart of his ongoing battle with Batman? New York Times bestselling writer Geoff Johns and Jason Fabok, the writer/artist team that waged the "Darkseid War" in the pages of Justice League, reunite to tell the ultimate story of B
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18000117	12 Short Stories by Tagore1. Kabuliwala2. The Parrot&apos;s Training3. The Rat&apos;s Feast4. Atonement5. The Nuisance6. Wish Fulfilment7. The Runaway8. Shiburam9. The Scientist10. The Invention of Shoes11. A &apos;Good&apos; Man12. Return of the Little Master
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/272724	Translation and Commentary of Imam al-Mawlud&apos;s Matharat al-Qulub by Hamza YusufThis exploration of Islamic spirituality delves into the psychological diseases and cures of the heart. Diseases examined include miserliness, envy, hatred, treachery, rancour, malice, ostentation, arrogance, covetousness, lust, and other afflictions that assail people and often control them. Th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5899779	“It is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in possession of brains must be in want of more brains.”So begins Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, an expanded edition of the beloved Jane Austen novel featuring all-new scenes of bone-crunching zombie mayhem. As our story opens, a mysterious plague has fallen upon the quiet English village of Meryton—and the dead are r
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52041387	You have to remember, he reminded me, that Harvard is older than the U.S. government. You have to remember because Harvard doesn&apos;t let you forget.1969: the height of counterculture and the year universities would seek to curb the unruly spectacle of student protest; the winter that Harvard University would begin the tumultuous process of merging with Radcliffe, its all-fem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4025275	This book is a confession, a document and a record of people&apos;s memory. More than 200 women speak in it, describing how young girls, who dreamed of becoming brides, became soldiers in 1941. More than 500,000 Soviet women participated on a par with men in the Second World War, the most terrible war of the 20th century. Women not only rescued and bandaged the wounded but also
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/222078	This text is the 16th revised and updated edition of this introduction to art, from the earliest cave paintings to experimental art. Eight new artists from the modern period have been introduced. They are: Corot, Kollwitz, Nolde, de Chirico, Brancussi, Magritte, Nicolson and Morandi. A sequence of new endings have been added, and the captions are now fuller, including the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21686	The year is 1954. U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels and his new partner, Chuck Aule, have come to Shutter Island, home of Ashecliffe Hospital for the Criminally Insane, to investigate the disappearance of a patient. Multiple murderess Rachel Solando is loose somewhere on this remote and barren island, despite having been kept in a locked cell under constant surveillance. As a kil
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15843041	In Seth Godin’s most inspiring book yet, he challenges readers to find the courage to treat their work as a form of art. Everyone knows that Icarus’s father made him wings and told him not to fly too close to the sun. But he ignored that warning and plunged to his doom. We’ve retold this myth, and many others like it, to generations of kids. All these stories have the same
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24178	This beloved book by E. B. White, author of Stuart Little and The Trumpet of the Swan, is a classic of children&apos;s literature that is "just about perfect." This high-quality paperback features vibrant illustrations colorized by Rosemary Wells!Some Pig. Humble. Radiant. These are the words in Charlotte&apos;s Web, high up in Zuckerman&apos;s barn. Charlotte&apos;s spiderweb tells of her fe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45885644	The secrets lurking in a rundown roadside motel ensnare a young woman, just as they did her aunt thirty-five years before, in this new atmospheric suspense novel from the national bestselling and award-winning author of The Broken Girls.Upstate NY, 1982. Every small town like Fell, New York, has a place like the Sun Down Motel. Some customers are from out of town, passing
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45195	When Adela Quested and her elderly companion Mrs Moore arrive in the Indian town of Chandrapore, they quickly feel trapped by its insular and prejudiced &apos;Anglo-Indian&apos; community. Determined to escape the parochial English enclave and explore the &apos;real India&apos;, they seek the guidance of the charming and mercurial Dr Aziz, a cultivated Indian Muslim. But a mysterious incident
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40109367	In her #1 NYT bestsellers, Brené Brown taught us what it means to dare greatly, rise strong and brave the wilderness. Now, based on new research conducted with leaders, change makers and culture shifters, she’s showing us how to put those ideas into practice so we can step up and lead. Leadership is not about titles, status and power over people. Leaders are people who hol
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/429138	For Tanus, the fair-haired young lion of a warrior, the gods have decreed that he will lead Egypt&apos;s army in a bold attempt to reunite the Kingdom&apos;s shared halves. But Tanus will have to defy the same gods to attain the reward they have forbidden him, an object more prized than battle&apos;s glory: possession of the Lady Lostris, a rare beauty with skin the color of oiled ceder-
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28186	The heroic son of Poseidon makes an action-packed comeback in the second must-read installment of Rick Riordan&apos;s amazing young readers series. Starring Percy Jackson, a "half blood" whose mother is human and whose father is the God of the Sea, Riordan&apos;s series combines cliffhanger adventure and Greek mythology lessons that results in true page-turners that get better with
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35112391	George R. R. Martin’s A Song of Ice and Fire saga continues in the official comic book adaptation by Dynamite Entertainment! Following the events of A Game of Thrones, Westeros is embroiled in civil war, while Daenerys Targaryen -- as heir to the Targaryen dynasty, seeks to reclaim the Iron Throne. Arya, with the help of Yoren, a brother of the Night’s Watch, has escaped f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/141526	Opening with the exotic Lady Death entering the gumshoe-writer&apos;s seedy office in pursuit of a writer named Celine, this novel demonstrates Bukowski&apos;s own brand of humour and realism, opening up a landscape of seamy Los Angeles.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/152380	By P.L. Travers, the author featured in the major motion picture, Saving Mr. Banks. From the moment Mary Poppins arrives at Number Seventeen Cherry-Tree Lane, everyday life at the Banks house is forever changed. It all starts when Mary Poppins is blown by the east wind onto the doorstep of the Banks house. She becomes a most unusual nanny to Jane, Michael, and the twins. W
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52585195	From the #1 best-selling author of The Alchemist comes an inspiring story about a young man seeking wisdom from an elder, and the practical lessons imparted along the way.In The Archer we meet Tetsuya, a man once famous for his prodigious gift with a bow and arrow but who has since retired from public life, and the boy who comes searching for him. The boy has many question
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1471284	With an Introduction and Notes by Dr T.C.B.Cook Count Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910) is best known for War and Peace and Anna Karenina, commonly regarded as amongst the greatest novels ever written. He also, however, wrote many masterly short stories, and this volume contains four of the longest and best in distinguished translations that have stood the test of time. In the early
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55130289	Is it really possible to be friends with your ex? Sam and Lauren try to work things out while Jack dives deeper into dating apps, which brings more surprises from his past than he expected. Meanwhile, Lauren’s band Nipslip gets an offer they simply can’t refuse. You won&apos;t wanna miss this oversized, joyously melodramatic issue, including a bonus, Jack-centric side quest!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51169341	After the first season of her true crime podcast became an overnight sensation and set an innocent man free, Rachel Krall is now a household name―and the last hope for thousands of people seeking justice. But she’s used to being recognized for her voice, not her face. Which makes it all the more unsettling when she finds a note on her car windshield, addressed to her, begg
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38526454	"My new favorite book of all time." --Bill Gates "A terrific book...[Pinker] recounts the progress across a broad array of metrics, from health to wars, the environment to happiness, equal rights to quality of life." --The New York TimesThe follow-up to Pinker&apos;s groundbreaking The Better Angels of Our Nature presents the big picture of human progress: people are living lon
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/115130	Toby Temple is a superstar, the world&apos;s funniest man. He gets any woman that he wants, but under the superstar image is a lonely man. Jill Castle is a sensuous starlet. She has a dark and mysterious past and has an ambition even greater than Toby&apos;s. Together they rule Hollywood.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106069	Taking place during Batman&apos;s early days of crime fighting, this new edition of the classic mystery tells the story of a mysterious killer who murders his prey only on holidays. Working with District Attorney Harvey Dent and Lieutenant James Gordon, Batman races against the clock as he tries to discover who Holiday is before he claims his next victim each month. A mystery t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/78983	Born on the same day near the turn of the century on opposite sides of the world, both men are brought together by fate and the quest of a dream. These two men -- ambitious, powerful, ruthless -- are locked in a relentless struggle to build an empire, fuelled by their all-consuming hatred. Over 60 years and three generations, through war, marriage, fortune, and disaster, K
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34466963	Neuroscientist and sleep expert Matthew Walker provides a revolutionary exploration of sleep, examining how it affects every aspect of our physical and mental well-being. Charting the most cutting-edge scientific breakthroughs, and marshalling his decades of research and clinical practice, Walker explains how we can harness sleep to improve learning, mood and energy levels
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8516889	The Richest Man in Babylon is Geroge S. Clason&apos;s classic financial and motivational guide that has lead generations to personal and monetary success. Invaluable lessons of finance are relayed through legendary tales set in ancient Babylon. Learn how to acquire money, keep it, and put it to work to make more money for you. It&apos;s one of the bestselling financial books of all
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8444621	Linguistics has long shied away from claiming any link between a language and the culture of its speakers. But now, acclaimed linguist Guy Deutscher has dared to reopen the issue. Can culture influence language —and vice versa? Can different languages lead their speakers to different thoughts? Could our experience of the world depend on whether our language has a word for
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9547888	Is there a science to love?  In this groundbreaking book, psychiatrist and neuroscientist Amir Levine and psychologist Rachel S. F. Heller reveal how an understanding of attachment theory-the most advanced relationship science in existence today-can help us find and sustain love. Attachment theory forms the basis for many bestselling books on the parent/child relationship,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3106863	In a world that is constantly changing, God?&apos;s Word remains the standardby which we must judge all human actions and lifestyles. In Does God LoveMichael?&apos;s Two Daddies?, Seth and Sara learn that God loves all people, eventhose who are disobeying Him. But they also learn that the only way to havea relationship with God is to stop sinning and turn to JesusFor the last 15 yea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10612	"I am coming to understand that Roland&apos;s world actually contains all the others of my making" Stephen KingWith those words, from The Dark Tower: IV Wizard and Glass, the world&apos;s most popular writer confirmed a suspicion long held by readersthat the myriad worlds and universes King has created are, in reality, one world, one universe.Here, for the first time ever is the g
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22917	Originally titled Children’s and Household Tales, The Complete Grimm’s Fairy Tales contains the essential bedtime stories for children worldwide for the better part of two centuries. The Brothers Grimm, Jacob and Wilhelm, were German linguists and cultural researchers who gathered legendary folklore and aimed to collect the stories exactly as they heard them. 2012 marked t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32867045	Steven Gerrard: Captain Fantastic tells of how a young boy from Merseyside overcame personal tragedy in the Hillsborough disaster to make his dream of playing for Liverpool FC come true. But that boy was no ordinary footballer; he would go on to captain his club for over a decade, inspiring their legendary Champions League FA Cup wins along the way. This is the story of St
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25619480	Mindful Eating with Delicious Raw Vegan Recipes is designed with the best Alchemy of Love Mindful Eating Exercises and a collection of Delicious Raw Vegan Recipes that aim to inspire you to eat mindfully fresh, uncooked fruits and veggies every day. Our experienced and well-known vegan chef Olivera Rosic adores experimenting and creating the most appetizing vegan dishes, d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10614	Alternate cover editions here and here.Paul Sheldon. He&apos;s a bestselling novelist who has finally met his biggest fan. Her name is Annie Wilkes and she is more than a rabid reader - she is Paul&apos;s nurse, tending his shattered body after an automobile accident. But she is also his captor, keeping him prisoner in her isolated house.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17902	From the moment that Gjorg&apos;s brother is killed by a neighbour, his own life is forfeit: for the code of Kanun requires Gjorg to kill his brother&apos;s murderer and then in turn be hunted down. After shooting his brother&apos;s killer, young Gjorg is entitled to thirty days&apos; grace - not enough to see out the month of April.Then a visiting honeymoon couple cross the path of the fugit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50998942	*Named a Best Business Book of 2020 by Fortune and Bloomberg*Full of empowering wisdom from one of Silicon Valley&apos;s first female African American CEOs, this inspiring leadership book offers a blueprint for how to achieve your personal and professional goals.Shellye Archambeau recounts how she overcame the challenges she faced as a young black woman, wife, and mother, manag
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49247317	Isabel Lincoln is gone.But is she missing?It&apos;s up to Grayson Sykes to find her. Although she is reluctant to track down a woman who may not want to be found, Gray&apos;s search for Isabel Lincoln becomes more complicated and dangerous with every new revelation about the woman&apos;s secrets and the truth she&apos;s hidden from her friends and family.Featuring two complicated women in a d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2203	The enthralling, often surprising story of John Adams, one of the most important and fascinating Americans who ever lived.In this powerful, epic biography, David McCullough unfolds the adventurous life-journey of John Adams, the brilliant, fiercely independent, often irascible, always honest Yankee patriot -- "the colossus of independence," as Thomas Jefferson called him -
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30659	Written in Greek by the only Roman emperor who was also a philosopher, without any intention of publication, the Meditations of Marcus Aurelius offer a remarkable series of challenging spiritual reflections and exercises developed as the emperor struggled to understand himself and make sense of the universe. While the Meditations were composed to provide personal consolati
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14714336	Sun Wu Kong, punished by Buddha centuries before, has spent five hundred years buried under Five-Finger Mountain when he encounters San Zang, a priest headed west in search of Buddhist scriptures. On the Goddess of Mercy&apos;s instructions, Wu Kong frees himself and assists the priest on a journey to the west that will be fraught with peril. But San Zang soon learns that troub
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4645	The ideal introduction to the genius of Ernest Hemingway, The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories contains ten of Hemingway&apos;s most acclaimed and popular works of short fiction. Selected from Winner Take Nothing, Men Without Women, and The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories, this collection includes "The Killers," the first of Hemingway&apos;s mature stories to be
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40961427	Among the seminal texts of the 20th century, Nineteen Eighty-Four is a rare work that grows more haunting as its futuristic purgatory becomes more real. Published in 1949, the book offers political satirist George Orwell&apos;s nightmarish vision of a totalitarian, bureaucratic world and one poor stiff&apos;s attempt to find individuality. The brilliance of the novel is Orwell&apos;s pre
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1141601	Based on years of counseling, psychologists Jane B. Burka and Lenora M. Yuen offer a probing, sensitive, and sometimes humorous look at the problem that troubles everyone. Revealing the reasons we put off tasks-fears of failure, success, control, separation, and attachment-the authors outline a practical, tested program to overcome procrastination. Candid and understanding
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25899336	For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question &apos;What makes a life worth living?&apos;At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade&apos;s worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed wi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18915220	Should the human race voluntarily put an end to its existence? Do we even know what it means to be human? And what if we are nothing like we suppose ourselves to be? In this challenging philosophical work, celebrated supernatural writer Thomas Ligotti broaches these and other issues in an unflinching and penetrating manner that brings to mind some of his own imperishable h
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44600621	Ali Wong&apos;s heartfelt and hilarious letters to her daughters (the two she put to work while they were still in utero), covering everything they need to know in life, like the unpleasant details of dating, how to be a working mom in a male-dominated profession, and how she trapped their dad.In her hit Netflix comedy special Baby Cobra, an eight-month pregnant Ali Wong resona
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2854962	When Charlie is trapped in a magical painting he must battle an evil count thirsty for revenge. Will he be able to save himself and his friends? Find out in Book 7 of Jenny Nimmo&apos;s bestselling series!The enchanter Count Harken is back to take his revenge on the Red King&apos;s heirs, starting with Charlie Bone&apos;s family! Charlie&apos;s ancestor has been kidnapped and imprisoned in th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11395597	Witty, acute, fierce, and celebratory, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal? is a tough-minded search for belonging, for love, identity, home, and a mother.Jeanette Winterson&apos;s novels have established her as a major figure in world literature. She has written some of the most admired books of the past few decades, including her internationally bestselling first novel, Ora
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8852	One night on the heath, the brave and respected general Macbeth encounters three witches who foretell that he will become king of Scotland. At first sceptical, he’s urged on by the ruthless, single-minded ambitions of Lady Macbeth, who suffers none of her husband’s doubt. But seeing the prophecy through to the bloody end leads them both spiralling into paranoia, tyranny, m
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/693771	The book examines why, given all our skills, resources and talents, we, so obviously capable of being the best, settle so often for the worst. What is it that we as a nation are missing? At the heart of the book is the belief that the people of a nation have the power, by dint od hard work, to realize their dream of a truly good life. Lalam takes up different issues and th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28763485	Natasha: I’m a girl who believes in science and facts. Not fate. Not destiny. Or dreams that will never come true. I’m definitely not the kind of girl who meets a cute boy on a crowded New York City street and falls in love with him. Not when my family is twelve hours away from being deported to Jamaica. Falling in love with him won’t be my story.Daniel: I’ve always been t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17899948	Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again . . .The novel begins in Monte Carlo, where our heroine is swept off her feet by the dashing widower Maxim de Winter and his sudden proposal of marriage. Orphaned and working as a lady&apos;s maid, she can barely believe her luck. It is only when they arrive at his massive country estate that she realizes how large a shadow his late
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/143534	One dollar and eighty-seven cents is all the money Della has in the world to buy her beloved a Christmas present. She has nothing to sell except her only treasure--her long, beautiful brown hair. Set in New York at the turn of the twentieth century, this classic piece of American literature tells the story of a young couple and the sacrifices each must make to buy the othe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34268	Peter Pan by J. M. Barrie Peter Pan, the mischievous boy who refuses to grow up, lands in the Darling&apos;s proper middle-class home to look for his shadow. He befriends Wendy, John and Michael and teaches them to fly (with a little help from fairy dust). He and Tinker Bell whisk them off to Never-land where they encounter the Red Indians, the Little Lost Boys, pirates and the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10883	Benjamin Franklin is the Founding Father who winks at us. An ambitious urban entrepreneur who rose up the social ladder, from leather-aproned shopkeeper to dining with kings, he seems made of flesh rather than of marble. In bestselling author Walter Isaacson&apos;s vivid and witty full-scale biography, we discover why Franklin seems to turn to us from history&apos;s stage with eyes
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19886324	Two briefcases exchanged on a train. A priceless manuscript. An ambush in a dark alley... A prosperous gentleman employs Feluda to recover his blue briefcase, which has got switched with another passenger&apos;s on the Kalka Mail. What starts out as an innocuous case soon becomes one of Feluda&apos;s most thrilling adventures. Feluda, Topshe and Jatayu set off for Simla in search of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/371220	Fast-moving and accessible, each story in this series is a shortened, illustrated version of the classic novel, which loses none of the strength and flavour of the original. Each book also contains biographical details of the original author, and a glossary of unusual words and activity suggestions.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10884	Einstein was a rebel and nonconformist from boyhood days, and these character traits drove both his life and his science. In this narrative, Walter Isaacson explains how his mind worked and the mysteries of the universe that he discovered.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1170	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/109307	Opening in Calcutta in the 1960s, Amitav Ghosh&apos;s radiant second novel follows two families—one English, one Bengali—as their lives intertwine in tragic and comic ways. The narrator, Indian born and English educated, traces events back and forth in time, from the outbreak of World War II to the late twentieth century, through years of Bengali partition and violence, observi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13206900	Princess Winter is admired for her grace, kindness and beauty, despite the scars on her face. She&apos;s said to be even more breath-taking than her stepmother, Queen Levana...When Winter develops feelings for the handsome palace guard, Jacin, she fears the evil Queen will crush their romance before it has a chance to begin.But there are stirrings against the Queen across the l
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3763	"Her hair was black and fell to her shoulders. She had high cheekbones and a sensual mouth, and wore a dress of white silk. Her eyes were blue, alight and disdainful, but, as they gazed into his with a touch of humour, Bond realized that they contained a message. Solitaire watched his eyes on her and nonchalantly drew her forearms together so that the valley between her br
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50358133	A deeply personal work about hope and identity in a nation coming apart at the seams, Homeland Elegies  blends fact and fiction to tell an epic story of belonging and dispossession in the world that 9/11 made. Part family drama, part social essay, part picaresque adventure -- at its heart, it is the story of a father, a son, and the country they both call home.Akhtar forge
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23807	Hannibal Lecter. The ultimate villain of modern fiction. Read the five-million-copy bestseller that scared the world silent. The Silence of the Lambs. A young FBI trainee. An evil genius locked away for unspeakable crimes. A plunge into the darkest chambers of a psychopath&apos;s mind--in the deadly search for a serial killer. - back cover
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29214869	LEARN TO SPEED READ - QUICK AND EASY!!! This book is PERFECT for students of ALL ages!!! Today only, get this AWESOME eBook for just $2.99. Regularly pricedat $4.99. Read on your PC, Mac, smart phone, tablet or Kindle device.You’re about to discover the secrets of speed reading, and how the benefits of learning this amazing skill can CHANGE YOUR LIFE and make you 10x MORE
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48678117	A groundbreaking thriller about a vigilante on a Native American reservation who embarks on a dangerous mission to track down the source of a heroin influx. Virgil Wounded Horse is the local enforcer on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota.  When justice is denied by the American legal system or the tribal council, Virgil is hired to deliver his own punishment, t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1602264	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3227063	From New York Times Bestselling author Brent Weeks... For Durzo Blint, assassination is an art-and he is the city&apos;s most accomplished artist. For Azoth, survival is precarious. Something you never take for granted. As a guild rat, he&apos;s grown up in the slums, and learned to judge people quickly - and to take risks. Risks like apprenticing himself to Durzo Blint.But to be ac
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37819094	International bestselling author and leading global expert on mental strength Amy Morin turns her focus to feminism, explaining what it means—and what it takes—to be a mentally strong woman in the age of the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements.The emergence of the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements have awakened society and encouraged women to find their voice and claim their power.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25135194	In the bestselling tradition of Why Nations Fail and The Revenge of Geography, an award-winning journalist uses ten maps of crucial regions to explain the geo-political strategies of the world powers.All leaders of nations are constrained by geography. Their choices are limited by mountains, rivers, seas, and concrete. To understand world events, news organizations and oth
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43557477	Just after the Second World War, in the small English village of Chawton, an unusual but like-minded group of people band together to attempt something remarkable.One hundred and fifty years ago, Chawton was the final home of Jane Austen, one of England&apos;s finest novelists. Now it&apos;s home to a few distant relatives and their diminishing estate. With the last bit of Austen&apos;s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/218357	Set in modern-day India, it is the story of two compelling and achingly real women: Sera Dubash, an upper-middle-class Parsi housewife whose opulent surroundings hide the shame and disappointment of her abusive marriage, and Bhima, a stoic illiterate hardened by a life of despair and loss, who has worked in the Dubash household for more than twenty years.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/248734	A new title from the author of The Flea Palace, shortlisted for the Independent Prize for Foreign Fiction and chosen for Waterstone’s 2005 Summer Reading promotion.In her prize-wining novel, The Gaze, Shafak explores the subject of body image and desirability. An overweight woman and her lover, a dwarf, are sick of being stared at wherever they go, and decide to reverse ro
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36295979	The year is 1930. In a small Tartar village, a woman named Zuleikha watches as her husband is murdered by communists. Zuleikha herself is sent into exile, enduring a horrendous train journey to a remote spot on the Angara River in Siberia. Conditions in the camp are tough, and many of her group do not survive the first difficult winter.As she gradually settles into a routi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9555685	It is Kashmir, in the early 1990s, and war has finally reached the isolated village of Nowgam, close to the Pakistan border. Indian soldiers appear, as if from nowhere, to hunt for militants on the run. Four teenage boys, who used to spend their afternoons playing cricket, or singing Bollywood ballads down by the river, have disappeared one by one, to cross into Pakistan,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15823480	Acclaimed by many as the world&apos;s greatest novel, Anna Karenina provides a vast panorama of contemporary life in Russia and of humanity in general. In it Tolstoy uses his intense imaginative insight to create some of the most memorable characters in all of literature. Anna is a sophisticated woman who abandons her empty existence as the wife of Karenin and turns to Count Vr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/617097	Pather Panchali deals with the life of the Roy family, consisting of Harihar, Sarbajaya, Apu and Durga, both in their ancestral village Nishchindipur in rural Bengal and later when they move to Varanasi in search of a better life, as well as the anguish and loss they face during their travels.It first appeared as a serial in a Calcutta periodical in 1928 and was published
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9777	The year is 1969. In the state of Kerala, on the southernmost tip of India, a skyblue Plymouth with chrome tailfins is stranded on the highway amid a Marxist workers&apos; demonstration. Inside the car sit two-egg twins Rahel and Esthappen, and so begins their tale. . . .Armed only with the invincible innocence of children, they fashion a childhood for themselves in the shade o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6320534	On an entirely normal, beautiful fall day in Chester’s Mill, Maine, the town is inexplicably and suddenly sealed off from the rest of the world by an invisible force field. Planes crash into it and fall from the sky in flaming wreckage, a gardener’s hand is severed as “the dome” comes down on it, people running errands in the neighboring town are divided from their familie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28877	A second family has been massacred by the terrifying serial killer the press has christened "The Tooth Fairy." Special Agent Jack Crawford turns to the one man who can help restart a failed investigation: Will Graham. Graham is the greatest profiler the FBI ever had, but the physical and mental scars of capturing Hannibal Lecter have caused Graham to go into early retireme
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3869	In the ten years since its publication in 1988, Stephen Hawking&apos;s classic work has become a landmark volume in scientific writing, with more than nine million copies in forty languages sold worldwide. That edition was on the cutting edge of what was then known about the origins and nature of the universe. But the intervening years have seen extraordinary advances in the te
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1711037	In a town as pretty as a picture postcard, Nancy seeks the key to a picture-perfect crime!Nancy has come to White Falls, Massachusetts, to visit her former neighbor, Vera Alexander. The town is rich in history, and Vera wants to preserve a piece of its past. But her plan to convert the old Caulder Cutlery factory into a museum turns suddenly ominous when someone threatens
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55702	Warriors of God is the rich and engaging account of the Third Crusade (1187-1192), a conflict that would shape world history for centuries and which can still be felt in the Middle East and throughout the world today. Acclaimed writer James Reston, Jr., offers a gripping narrative of the epic battle that left Jerusalem in Muslim hands until the twentieth century, bringing
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11873368	The definitive, richly illustrated, full-color guide to all the districts of Panem, all the participants in The Hunger Games, and the life and home of Katniss Everdeen.Welcome to Panem, the world of The Hunger Games. This is the definitive, richly illustrated, full-color guide to all the districts of Panem, all the participants in The Hunger Games, and the life and home of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50496918	Olivia Dade bursts onto the scene in this delightfully fun romantic comedy set in the world of fanfiction, in which a devoted fan goes on an unexpected date with her celebrity crush, who’s secretly posting fanfiction of his own. Marcus Caster-Rupp has a secret. While the world knows him as Aeneas, the star of the biggest show on TV, Gods of the Gates, he&apos;s known to fanfict
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3850639	After 103 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list and with four million copies of The Kite Runner shipped, Khaled Hosseini returns with a beautiful, riveting, and haunting novel that confirms his place as one of the most important literary writers today.Propelled by the same superb instinct for storytelling that made The Kite Runner a beloved classic, A Thousand Splend
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/389627	Greg Heffley finds himself thrust into a new year and a new school where undersize weaklings share the corridors with kids who are taller, meaner and already shaving.Desperate to prove his new found maturity, which only going up a grade can bring, Greg is happy to have his not-quite-so-cool sidekick, Rowley, along for the ride. But when Rowley&apos;s star starts to rise, Greg t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6502633	We are taught to think that these images and feelings are caused by a solid world outside of our brains, where material things exist. However, in reality we never see real existing materials and we never touch real materials. In other words, every material entity which we believe exists in our lives, is, in fact, only a vision which is created in our brains.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16304	En route to London, Belgian detective Hercule Poirot has booked winter passage on the fabled Orient Express. Among the assortment of fellow passengers, one wealthy American holds a unique distinction: he has been found dead of multiple stab wounds in the night compartment of the Calais coach. By dawn, thirteen travelers, each bearing a secret, will find themselves suspect
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6294	An alternative cover for this ISBN can be found hereSophie has the great misfortune of being the eldest of three daughters, destined to fail miserably should she ever leave home to seek her fate. But when she unwittingly attracts the ire of the Witch of the Waste, Sophie finds herself under a horrid spell that transforms her into an old lady. Her only chance at breaking it
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/295	"For sheer storytelling delight and pure adventure, Treasure Island has never been surpassed. From the moment young Jim Hawkins first encounters the sinister Blind Pew at the Admiral Benbow Inn until the climactic battle for treasure on a tropic isle, the novel creates scenes and characters that have fired the imaginations of generations of readers. Written by a superb pro
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43275562	A young boy named Daniel encounters creatures from another world. They take him night after night, into the black void of their reality till he begins asking questions. Why was he chosen? What do they want from him? Does he have to be a victim?Daniel decides to fight and as he wages war on all those who try to harm him, he finds his own adventure. Love, loss & chaos, this
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7343	Revealing the horror and heroism the creator of Middle-earth experienced as a young man, Tolkien and the Great War also introduces the close friends who spurred the modern world&apos;s greatest mythology into life. It shows how the deaths of two comrades compelled Tolkien to pursue the dream they had shared, and argues that Tolkien transformed the cataclysm of his generation wh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4069	Psychiatrist Viktor Frankl&apos;s memoir has riveted generations of readers with its descriptions of life in Nazi death camps and its lessons for spiritual survival. Based on his own experience and the stories of his patients, Frankl argues that we cannot avoid suffering but we can choose how to cope with it, find meaning in it, and move forward with renewed purpose. At the hea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46306	This book contains the complete Andersen&apos;s fairy tales and stories in audiobook and hardcopy format.Hans Christian Andersen was a Danish author and poet. Although a prolific writer of plays, travelogues, novels, and poems, Andersen is best remembered for his fairy tales, a literary genre he so mastered that he himself has become as mythical as the tales he wrote. Andersen&apos;
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2759537	The Pilgrimage paved the way to Paulo Coehlo&apos;s international bestselling novel The Alchemist. In many ways, these two volumes are companions—to truly comprehend one, you must read the other.Step inside this captivating account of Paulo Coehlo&apos;s pilgrimage along the road to Santiago. This fascinating parable explores the need to find one&apos;s own path. In the end, we discover
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53869658	The Office meets Stephen King, dressed up in holiday tinsel, in this fun, festive, and frightening horror-comedy set during the horror publishing boom of the ’80s, by New York Times best-selling satirist Andrew Shaffer.Out of work for months, Lussi Meyer is desperate to work anywhere in publishing. Prestigious Blackwood-Patterson isn’t the perfect fit, but a bizarre set of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8745	Waris Dirie ran away from her oppressive life in the African desert when she was barely in her teens, illiterate and impoverished, with nothing to her name but a tattered shawl. She traveled alone across the dangerous Somali desert to Mogadishu — the first leg of a remarkable journey that would take her to London, where she worked as a house servant; then to nearly every c
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31138556	Yuval Noah Harari, author of the critically-acclaimed New York Times bestseller and international phenomenon Sapiens, returns with an equally original, compelling, and provocative book, turning his focus toward humanity’s future, and our quest to upgrade humans into gods.Over the past century humankind has managed to do the impossible and rein in famine, plague, and war. T
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13145	A missing little girl named Maggie Rose . . . a family of three brutally murdered in the projects of Washington, D.C. . . . the thrill-killing of a beautiful elementary school teacher . . . a psychopathic serial kidnapper/murderer who is so terrifying that the FBI, the Secret Service, and the police cannot outsmart him - even after he&apos;s been captured.Gary Soneji wants to c
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6596	In The Four Agreements, don Miguel Ruiz reveals the source of self-limiting beliefs that rob us of joy and create needless suffering. Based on ancient Toltec wisdom, the Four Agreements offer a powerful code of conduct that can rapidly transform our lives to a new experience of freedom, true happiness, and love. The Four Agreements are: Be Impeccable With Your Word, Don&apos;t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16115612	So, then. You want a story and I will tell you one...Afghanistan, 1952. Abdullah and his sister Pari live with their father and stepmother in the small village of Shadbagh. Their father, Saboor, is constantly in search of work and they struggle together through poverty and brutal winters. To Abdullah, Pari - as beautiful and sweet-natured as the fairy for which she was nam
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35031085	Mary Shelley&apos;s seminal novel of the scientist whose creation becomes a monsterThis edition is the original 1818 text, which preserves the hard-hitting and politically charged aspects of Shelley&apos;s original writing, as well as her unflinching wit and strong female voice. This edition also includes a new introduction and suggestions for further reading by author and Shelley e
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43877	Wisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and PeaceThis inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odys
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/343	An acclaimed bestseller and international sensation, Patrick Suskind&apos;s classic novel provokes a terrifying examination of what happens when one man&apos;s indulgence in his greatest passion—his sense of smell—leads to murder.In the slums of eighteenth-century France, the infant Jean-Baptiste Grenouille is born with one sublime gift—an absolute sense of smell. As a boy, he lives
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/329957	Charles Dickens&apos;s final, unfinished novel, and one that has puzzled readers and inspired writers since its publication, The Mystery of Edwin Drood is edited with an introduction by David Paroissien in Penguin Classics.Edwin Drood is contracted to marry orphan Rosa Bud when he comes of age, but when they find that duty has gradually replaced affection, they agree to break o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2767052	Could you survive on your own in the wild, with every one out to make sure you don&apos;t live to see the morning?In the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining Capitol surrounded by twelve outlying districts. The Capitol is harsh and cruel and keeps the districts in line by forcing them all to send one boy and one girl between the ages
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18075234	Alternate Cover Edition for ASIN B00M70ESPOCaden Bosch is on a ship that&apos;s headed for the deepest point on Earth: Challenger Deep, the southern part of the Marianas Trench.Caden Bosch is a brilliant high school student whose friends are starting to notice his odd behaviour.Caden Bosch is designated the ship&apos;s artist in residence to document the journey with images.Caden Bo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/580048	In this retelling of the Trojan War, Olivia Coolidge crafts heroes and gods into real, multidimensional characters, not just the figures of legend. Vibrant storytelling and finely wrought action have made her version of the classic tale of the Fall of Troy accessible to generations of young readers.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33648131	Set amid the austere beauty of the North Carolina coast begins the story of Noah Calhoun, a rural Southerner recently returned from the Second World War. Noah is restoring a plantation home to its former glory, and he is haunted by images of the beautiful girl he met fourteen years earlier, a girl he loved like no other. Unable to find her, yet unwilling to forget the summ
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/91203	The year is 1928. On the outskirts of a large German city, three young men are earning a thin and precarious living. Fully armed young storm troopers swagger in the streets. Restlessness, poverty, and violence are everywhere. For these three, friendship is the only refuge from the chaos around them. Then the youngest of them falls in love, and brings into the group a young
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/735303	When Korean Air Lines flight 858 exploded in 1987, killing 115 passengers, international law-enforcement officials immediately started searching for the hardened North Korean terrorists who could have committed such a crime. What they found was Kim Hyun Hee, an idealistic young woman who had been transformed by her country into an obedient killing machine. The Tears of My
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/85301	Eight stories—longer and more emotionally complex than any Lahiri has yet written—that take us from Cambridge and Seattle to India and Thailand as they enter the lives of sisters and brothers, fathers and mothers, daughters and sons, friends and lovers.From the internationally best-selling, Pulitzer Prize–winning author, a superbly crafted new work of fiction: eight storie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22668729	How do successful companies create products people can’t put down?Why do some products capture widespread attention while others flop? What makes us engage with certain products out of sheer habit? Is there a pattern underlying how technologies hook us?Nir Eyal answers these questions (and many more) by explaining the Hook Model—a four-step process embedded into the produc
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46263943	Almost everything about Wallace is at odds with the Midwestern university town where he is working uneasily toward a biochem degree. An introverted young man from Alabama, black and queer, he has left behind his family without escaping the long shadows of his childhood. For reasons of self-preservation, Wallace has enforced a wary distance even within his own circle of fri
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40185237	Pointing to the horizon where the sea and sky are joined, he says, &apos;It is only an illusion because they can&apos;t really meet, but isn&apos;t it beautiful, this union which isn&apos;t really there.&apos; - SAADAT HASAN MANTOSometime in 2016, a series of dialogues took place which set out to find a meeting ground, even if only an illusion, between A.S. Dulat and Asad Durrani. One was a former
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36809135	For years, rumors of the “Marsh Girl” haunted Barkley Cove, a quiet fishing village. Kya Clark is barefoot and wild; unfit for polite society. So in late 1969, when the popular Chase Andrews is found dead, locals immediately suspect her.But Kya is not what they say. A born naturalist with just one day of school, she takes life&apos;s lessons from the land, learning the real way
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/170448	Librarian&apos;s note: There is an Alternate Cover Edition for this edition of this book here.A farm is taken over by its overworked, mistreated animals. With flaming idealism and stirring slogans, they set out to create a paradise of progress, justice, and equality. Thus the stage is set for one of the most telling satiric fables ever penned –a razor-edged fairy tale for grown
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33384170	In the Fifth and final part of the Dragonian Series, eighteen-year-old Elena Watkins and her dragon, the Rubicon, need to find the missing ingredients in order to free her father from Etan.  But what could the missing ingredient be?  And will she be willing to sacrifice her life if they don&apos;t find it before time runs out?
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51854625	A murder on the high seas. A detective duo. A demon who may or may not exist.It&apos;s 1634 and Samuel Pipps, the world&apos;s greatest detective, is being transported to Amsterdam to be executed for a crime he may, or may not, have committed. Travelling with him is his loyal bodyguard, Arent Hayes, who is determined to prove his friend innocent.But no sooner are they out to sea tha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49021976	The eagerly awaited sequel to the #1 New York Times bestselling Oathbringer, from epic fantasy author Brandon SandersonAfter forming a coalition of human resistance against the enemy invasion, Dalinar Kholin and his Knights Radiant have spent a year fighting a protracted, brutal war. Neither side has gained an advantage, and the threat of a betrayal by Dalinar&apos;s crafty all
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9748274	Two of the most beloved novels in all of English literature-together in one extraordinary volume. A TALE OF TWO CITIES  After eighteen years as a political prisoner in the Bastille, the ageing Doctor Manette is finally released and reunited with his daughter in England. There the lives of the two very different men, Charles Darnay, an exiled French aristocrat, and Sydney
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29056083	Based on an original new story by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne and John Tiffany, a new play by Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is the eighth story in the Harry Potter series and the first official Harry Potter story to be presented on stage. The play will receive its world premiere in London’s West End on July 30, 2016.It was always difficult being Harry Potter
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3922596	ржлрзНрж▓рзНржпрж╛ржкрзЗ рж▓рж┐ржЦрж╛ ржХрж┐ржЫрзБ ржХржерж╛тАШржпрж╛ржмрж╛рж░ ржЖржЧрзЗ ржЖржкржирж┐ ржмрж▓рзЗ ржпрж╛ржмрзЗржи ржЖржкржирж┐ ржХрзЗ? ржЖржорж┐ ржмрж▓рж▓рж╛ржо,тАШржорж╛рж░рж┐рзЯрж╛ ржЖржорж┐ ржХрзЗржЙ ржирж╛ред I am Nobody."ржЖржорж┐ ржЖржорж╛рж░ ржПржХ ржЬрзАржмржирзЗ ржЕржирзЗржХржХрзЗ ржПржЗ ржХржерж╛ ржмрж▓рзЗржЫрж┐-ржХржЦржирзЛ ржЖржорж╛рж░ ржЧрж▓рж╛ ржзрж░рзЗ ржпрж╛рзЯржирж┐, ржмрж╛ ржЪрзЛржЦ ржнрж┐ржЬрзЗ ржУржарзЗржирж┐ред ржжрзБтАЩржЯрзЛ ржмрзНржпрж╛ржкрж╛рж░ржЗ ржПржЗ ржкрзНрж░ржЦржо ржШржЯрж▓ред
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6554666	Dark forces are gathering at Bloor&apos;s Academy as the Bloors search for a lost box containing a hidden will- a will that reveals the true destiny of the Red King&apos;s heirs. And the Bloors are determined to keep Charlie Bone from finding it first. But Charlie is also facing the lord of the sea, who is trying to drown his parents, and a deadly expert swordsman from another centu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/968	ISBN 9780307277671 moved to this edition.While in Paris, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is awakened by a phone call in the dead of the night. The elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum, his body covered in baffling symbols. As Langdon and gifted French cryptologist Sophie Neveu sort through the bizarre riddles, they are stunned to discover a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3320520	In late-2000, a young boy in Ahmedabad called Govind dreamt of having a business. To accomodate his friends Ish and Omi&apos;s passion, they open a cricket shop. Govind&apos;s wants to make money and thinks big. Ish is all about nurturing Ali, the batsman with a rare gift. Omi knows his limited capabiltiies and just wants to be with his friends. However, nothing comes easy in a turb
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17061	The day after they moved in, Coraline went exploring....In Coraline&apos;s family&apos;s new flat are twenty-one windows and fourteen doors. Thirteen of the doors open and close. The fourteenth is locked, and on the other side is only a brick wall, until the day Coraline unlocks the door to find a passage to another flat in another house just like her own. Only it&apos;s different. At fi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6	Harry Potter is midway through his training as a wizard and his coming of age. Harry wants to get away from the pernicious Dursleys and go to the International Quidditch Cup with Hermione, Ron, and the Weasleys. He wants to dream about Cho Chang, his crush (and maybe do more than dream). He wants to find out about the mysterious event that&apos;s supposed to take place at Hogwa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/157993	A PBS Great American Read Top 100 PickFew stories are as widely read and as universally cherished by children and adults alike as The Little Prince. Richard Howard&apos;s translation of the beloved classic beautifully reflects Saint-Exupéry&apos;s unique and gifted style. Howard, an acclaimed poet and one of the preeminent translators of our time, has excelled in bringing the Englis
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3	Harry Potter&apos;s life is miserable. His parents are dead and he&apos;s stuck with his heartless relatives, who force him to live in a tiny closet under the stairs. But his fortune changes when he receives a letter that tells him the truth about himself: he&apos;s a wizard. A mysterious visitor rescues him from his relatives and takes him to his new home, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2	There is a door at the end of a silent corridor. And it’s haunting Harry Pottter’s dreams. Why else would he be waking in the middle of the night, screaming in terror?Harry has a lot on his mind for this, his fifth year at Hogwarts: a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher with a personality like poisoned honey; a big surprise on the Gryffindor Quidditch team; and the loomi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16640	This is Goethe&apos;s first novel, published in 1774. Written in diary form, it tells the tale of an unhappy, passionate young man hopelessly in love with Charlotte, the wife of a friend - a man who he alternately admires and detests. &apos;The Sorrows of Young Werther&apos; became an important part of the &apos;Sturm und Drang movement, and greatly influenced later &apos;Romanticism&apos;. The work is
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12505	Returning to Russia from a sanitarium in Switzerland, the Christ-like epileptic Prince Myshkin finds himself enmeshed in a tangle of love, torn between two women—the notorious kept woman Nastasya and the pure Aglaia—both involved, in turn, with the corrupt, money-hungry Ganya. In the end, Myshkin’s honesty, goodness, and integrity are shown to be unequal to the moral empti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22613	The publication of Simulacra et Simulation in 1981 marked Jean Baudrillard&apos;s first important step toward theorizing the postmodern. Moving away from the Marxist/Freudian approaches that had concerned him earlier, Baudrillard developed in this book a theory of contemporary culture that relies on displacing economic notions of cultural production with notions of cultural exp
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3228917	In this stunning new book, Malcolm Gladwell takes us on an intellectual journey through the world of "outliers"--the best and the brightest, the most famous and the most successful. He asks the question: what makes high-achievers different?His answer is that we pay too much attention to what successful people are like, and too little attention to where they are from: that
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/63038	Victor Hugo&apos;s The Man Who Laughs (first published under the French title L&apos;Homme qui Rit in April 1869) is a sad and sordid tale -- not the sort of tale of the moment Hugo was known for. It starts on the night of January 29, 1690, a ten-year-old boy abandoned -- the stern men who&apos;ve kept him since infancy have wearied of him. The boy wanders, barefoot and starving, through
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25491	If humanity cannot live with the dangers and responsibilities inherent in freedom, it will probably turn to authoritarianism. This is the central idea of Escape from Freedom, a landmark work by one of the most distinguished thinkers of our time, and a book that is as timely now as when first published in 1941. Few books have thrown such light upon the forces that shape mod
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/485894	Alternate cover edition of ISBN 0553213695 / 9780553213690"As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect. He was laying on his hard, as it were armor-plated, back and when he lifted his head a little he could see his domelike brown belly divided into stiff arched segments on top of which the bed quilt co
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51987993	In the late 1800s, three sisters use witchcraft to change the course of history in Alix E. Harrow&apos;s powerful novel of magic and the suffragette movement. In 1893, there&apos;s no such thing as witches. There used to be, in the wild, dark days before the burnings began, but now witching is nothing but tidy charms and nursery rhymes. If the modern woman wants any measure of power
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2493	“I’ve had a most amazing time....”So begins the Time Traveller’s astonishing firsthand account of his journey 800,000 years beyond his own era—and the story that launched H.G. Wells’s successful career and earned him his reputation as the father of science fiction. With a speculative leap that still fires the imagination, Wells sends his brave explorer to face a future bur
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26529699	Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9781633754799Experience the epic love story of OBSIDIAN as told by its hero, Daemon Black…I knew the moment Katy Swartz moved in next door, there was going to be trouble. Lots of it.And trouble&apos;s the last thing I need, since I&apos;m not exactly from around here. My people arrived on Earth from Lux, a planet thirteen billion light years away. Plu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1500209	A compelling story in which orphaned Remi gets hired out to a traveling street entertainer when his foster parents fall on hard times. Going from village to village with its act, ‘nobody’s boy’ has numerous adventures until his boss also falls on hard times and perishes, homeless and destitute. Remi’s life includes a number of surprising twists and turns, leading to a clim
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13284343	One of the greatest epic fantasies of all time rises to dazzling heights in the third issue of this masterly graphic novel adaptation of George R. R. Martin&apos;s A Game of Thrones.King Robert has come to Winterfell, accompanied by his Lannister queen, Cersei; her son, Prince Joffrey; and her brothers, Jamie and the dwarf Tyrion, called the Imp. In their train come intrigue, t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/396931	Hannah Arendt&apos;s definitive work on totalitarianism and an essential component of any study of twentieth-century political historyThe Origins of Totalitarianism begins with the rise of anti-Semitism in central and western Europe in the 1800s and continues with an examination of European colonial imperialism from 1884 to the outbreak of World War I. Arendt explores the insti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29348840	“Eye-opening in terms of the parity between the Abrahamic faiths, this fine model of scriptural analysis merits study by mystics of any faith.” Kirkus Reviews    This book is a follow-up to A perspective on the Signs of Al-Quran: Through the Prism of the Heart. Here the heart leads the mind on a journey into the eighteenth chapter of the Holy Quran. This chapter, known as
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/154126	In conjunction with the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Fund in New Delhi, Oxford proudly announces the reissue of Glimpses of World History and The Discovery of India, two famous works by Jawaharlal Nehru. One of modern day&apos;s most articulate statesmen, Jawaharlal Nehru wrote a on a wide variety of subjects. Describing himself as "a dabbler in many things," he committed his life
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36119521	Stop Being A People Pleaser! Learn How To Set Boundaries And Say NO - Without Feeling Guilty!  Are you fed up with people taking advantage of you? Are you tired of coworkers, friends, and family members demanding your time and expecting you to give it to them?  If so, THE ART OF SAYING NO is for you.  Imagine being able to turn down requests and decline invitations wi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/110391	From New York Times bestselling author Julia Quinn comes the first novel in the beloved Regency-set world of her charming, powerful Bridgerton family, now a series created by Shonda Rhimes for Netflix.In the ballrooms and drawing rooms of Regency London, rules abound. From their earliest days, children of aristocrats learn how to address an earl and curtsey before a prince
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26156469	A former international hostage negotiator for the FBI offers a new, field-tested approach to high-stakes negotiations—whether in the boardroom or at home.After a stint policing the rough streets of Kansas City, Missouri, Chris Voss joined the FBI, where his career as a hostage negotiator brought him face-to-face with a range of criminals, including bank robbers and terrori
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31945132	Revive Your Heart is a call for spiritual renewal and an invitation to have a conversation with one of the world’s most recognizable voices on Islam, Nouman Ali Khan.This collection of essays is disarmingly simple, yet it challenges us to change. To revise our actions, our assumptions and our beliefs so we can be transformed from within, as well as externally.It aims to he
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/227443	Meet Bridget Jones—a 30-something Singleton who is certain she would have all the answers if she could:a. lose 7 poundsb. stop smokingc. develop Inner Poise"123 lbs. (how is it possible to put on 4 pounds in the middle of the night? Could flesh have somehow solidified becoming denser and heavier? Repulsive, horrifying notion), alcohol units 4 (excellent), cigarettes 21 (po
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28187230	Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo&apos;s stay is nothing but pleasant
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/439432	Nancy has come to Connecticut to visit George&apos;s aunt Elizabeth, and lands right in the middle of a controversy. George&apos;s aunt, among others, proposes a bicycle path instead of widening a dangerously winding country road, in order to save a rare speicies of bat. But a threatening phone call, a sinister warning hanging in the doorway, and a sabotaged car convince Nancy that
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44430409	This inspirational collection of prayers and reminders is the perfect companion for anyone who wishes to connect to the Divine. Shaykh Omar Suleiman provides us with thirty short prayers taken from the teachings of the Prophet Muhammad and the early generations, each with a short reminder to deepen the impact of the prayer in our lives.Prayers of the Pious provides spiritu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22798022	All roads must end somewhere, and every hero&apos;s story eventually comes to a close. For Logan, the century-old mutant known as Wolverine, that time is now. The loss of his healing factor and the traumatic events of "Three Months To Die" have all led to this, the single most important X-Men event of the decade. Over the years, Logan has been a warrior, a hero, a renegade, a s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16073796	Steven Gerrard is a genuine Liverpool legend.Captain at the age of 23.Two FA Cups.Three League Cups.One UEFA Cup.And that Champions League win.Gerrard embodies the spirit and passion of Liverpool football club like no other in the modern era.From the raw but talented youngster who made the jump from the Melwood training ground and took to the famous Anfield turf at 18, to
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45294613	One summer morning, twelve-year-old Edward Adler, his beloved older brother, his parents, and 183 other passengers board a flight in Newark headed for Los Angeles. Among them is a Wall Street wunderkind, a young woman coming to terms with an unexpected pregnancy, an injured vet returning from Afghanistan, a septuagenarian business tycoon, and a free-spirited woman running
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49254075	Bestselling author and Shark Tank star Daymond John reveals the secrets to cultivating influence, building relationships, and negotiating your way to any deal or outcome.Getting what you want in life is all about relationships: establishing them, leveraging them at the right time, and continuing to nurture them long afterwards. In Powershift, bestselling author, founder an
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25054961	If you are currently struggling with getting traffic to your website, or converting that traffic when it shows up, you may think you’ve got a traffic or conversion problem. In Russell Brunson&apos;s experience, after working with thousands of businesses, he has found that’s rarely the case. Low traffic and weak conversion numbers are just symptoms of a much greater problem, a p
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52722079	In an Ireland doubly ravaged by war and disease, Nurse Julia Power works at an understaffed hospital in the city center, where expectant mothers who have come down with the terrible new Flu are quarantined together. Into Julia&apos;s regimented world step two outsiders -- Doctor Kathleen Lynn, a rumoured Rebel on the run from the police , and a young volunteer helper, Bridie Sw
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39020	In this groundbreaking work of science, history, and archaeology, Charles C. Mann radically alters our understanding of the Americas before the arrival of Columbus in 1492.Contrary to what so many Americans learn in school, the pre-Columbian Indians were not sparsely settled in a pristine wilderness; rather, there were huge numbers of Indians who actively molded and influe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55589310	“So tell me, Miss Griffin, why should I employ you as governess?”A question to rouse fear within the breast of any prospective governess but for Matilda, a lady without references, appropriate brown clothing or any experience with children whatsoever, doubly so.Yet, alone in the world, except for a brutish guardian and a malodorous betrothed, Matilda must seek her own futu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45892276	At work, we&apos;re taught to lead the conversation.On social media, we shape our personal narratives.At parties, we talk over one another. So do our politicians.We&apos;re not listening.And no one is listening to us.Despite living in a world where technology allows constant digital communication and opportunities to connect, it seems no one is really listening or even knows how. An
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1223753	Things are hairy in River Heights this holiday season. Two wolves have disappeared from WildWolf, the federal wolf preserve just outside of town. Local farmers think the missing wolves are killing their sheep, but there are also rumors of werewolf sightings nearby. At the same time, the annual River Heights Winter Carnival is set to begin. When the first two days of the ou
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62291	An alternate cover for this isbn can be found here.Here is the third volume in George R.R. Martin&apos;s magnificent cycle of novels that includes A Game of Thrones and A Clash of Kings. Together, this series comprises a genuine masterpiece of modern fantasy, destined to stand as one of the great achievements of imaginative fiction.Of the five contenders for power, one is dead,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32263	IN BOSTON, THERE&apos;S A KILLER ON THE LOOSE...A killer who targets lone women, who breaks into their apartments and performs terrifying ritualistic acts of torture on them before finishing them off. His surgical skills lead police to suspect he is a physician - a physician who, instead of saving lives, takes them.But as homicide detective Thomas Moore and his partner Jane Riz
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32260	An experiment on micro-organisms conducted in space goes wrong. The cells begin to infect the crew with deadly results. Emma Watson struggles to contain the deadly microbe while her husband and NASA try to retrieve her from space, before it&apos;s too late.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/74997	Julian, Dick and Anne arrive in Kirrin Cottage to stay with George (real name Georgina) for the holidays. They plan to spend time exploring Kirrin Island but their happiness is spoilt when Aunt Fanny falls ill and has to leave with Uncle Quentin to be treated in a far-off hospital. They are cared for by Aunt Fanny&apos;s temporary cook, Mrs Stick, who is accompanied by her husb
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30009	In "Asimov&apos;s Guide to the Bible" the noted author Isaac Asimov explores the historical, geographical, and biographical aspects of the events described in the Old and New Testaments. In doing so Asimov illuminates the Bible&apos;s many obscure and mysterious passages, producing a valuable text for anyone interested in religion and history.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37506348	An insider&apos;s groundbreaking investigation of how the global elite&apos;s efforts to "change the world" preserve the status quo and obscure their role in causing the problems they later seek to solve.Former New York Times columnist Anand Giridharadas takes us into the inner sanctums of a new gilded age, where the rich and powerful fight for equality and justice any way they can-
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43615	In the first book of this brilliant series, Stephen King introduces readers to one of his most enigmatic heroes, Roland of Gilead, The Last Gunslinger. He is a haunting figure, a loner on a spellbinding journey into good and evil. In his desolate world, which frighteningly mirrors our own, Roland pursues The Man in Black, encounters an alluring woman named Alice, and begin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36200111	Tim Ferriss, the #1 New York Times best-selling author of The 4-Hour Workweek, shares the ultimate choose-your-own-adventure book—a compilation of tools, tactics, and habits from 130+ of the world&apos;s top performers. From iconic entrepreneurs to elite athletes, from artists to billionaire investors, their short profiles can help you answer life&apos;s most challenging questions,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2883870	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12715691	When sixteen-year-old Alfred Rosenberg is called into his headmaster’s office for anti-Semitic remarks he made during a school speech, he is forced, as punishment, to memorize passages about Spinoza from the autobiography of the German poet Goethe. Rosenberg is stunned to discover that Goethe, his idol, was a great admirer of the Jewish seventeenth-century philosopher Baru
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5060378	Part blistering espionage thriller, part riveting police procedural, and part piercing exposé on social injustice, The Girl Who Played with Fire is a masterful, endlessly satisfying novel.  Mikael Blomkvist, crusading publisher of the magazine Millennium, has decided to run a story that will expose an extensive sex trafficking operation. On the eve of its publication, the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12321	Friedrich Nietzsche&apos;s Beyond Good and Evil is translated from the German by R.J. Hollingdale with an introduction by Michael Tanner in Penguin Classics.Beyond Good and Evil confirmed Nietzsche&apos;s position as the towering European philosopher of his age. The work dramatically rejects the tradition of Western thought with its notions of truth and God, good and evil. Nietzsche
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32827	Verne&apos;s 1865 tale of a trip to the moon is (as you&apos;d expect from Verne) great fun, even if bits of it now seem, in retrospect, a little strange. Our rocket ship gets shot out of a cannon? To the moon? Goodness! But in other ways it&apos;s full of eerie bits of business that turned out to be very near reality: he had the cost, when you adjust for inflation, almost exactly right.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8520362	THE FIRST MAJOR WORK IN NEARLY A DECADE BY ONE OF THE WORLD’S GREAT THINKERS—A MARVELOUSLY CONCISE BOOK WITH NEW ANSWERS TO THE ULTIMATE QUESTIONS OF LIFE When and how did the universe begin? Why are we here? Why is there something rather than nothing? What is the nature of reality? Why are the laws of nature so finely tuned as to allow for the existence of beings like our
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17927395	Feyre survived Amarantha&apos;s clutches to return to the Spring Court—but at a steep cost. Though she now has the powers of the High Fae, her heart remains human, and it can&apos;t forget the terrible deeds she performed to save Tamlin&apos;s people.Nor has Feyre forgotten her bargain with Rhysand, High Lord of the feared Night Court. As Feyre navigates its dark web of politics, passion
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7604	Humbert Humbert - scholar, aesthete and romantic - has fallen completely and utterly in love with Lolita Haze, his landlady&apos;s gum-snapping, silky skinned twelve-year-old daughter. Reluctantly agreeing to marry Mrs Haze just to be close to Lolita, Humbert suffers greatly in the pursuit of romance; but when Lo herself starts looking for attention elsewhere, he will carry her
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55287407	"Did you have relations with my brother . . ."Good question. I’d like to preface this by saying it was never my intention to ever get involved in a workplace romance, let alone get involved with the most surly, agitating, and pompous man I’ve ever met who just so happens to be my new friend’s brother. My intentions were to show students how English and reading books co
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6056939	The story of the final battle of the First Crusade The most extraordinary siege in medieval history began with the arrival of a Christian army at Jerusalem on the dawn of Tuesday, 6 June, 1099. Other sieges may have lasted longer, involved greater numbers of troops, and deployed more siege engines but nothing else in the entire medieval period compares to the extraordinary
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/853510	Just after midnight, a snowdrift stops the Orient Express in its tracks. The luxurious train is surprisingly full for the time of the year, but by the morning it is one passenger fewer. An American tycoon lies dead in his compartment, stabbed a dozen times, his door locked from the inside.Isolated and with a killer in their midst, detective Hercule Poirot must identify the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30266643	《フィフティ・シェイズ》シリーズの衝撃ふたたびグローバル企業の若き創業者兼ＣＥＯのクリスチャン・グレイは、暗い過去を抱え、女性に対してある「ルール」を持っている。だが学生新聞のインタビューで女子大生のアナスタシア・スティールと出会った彼は、恋の経験のない世間知らずのアナに、思いがけず強く惹きつけられていく……。大ベストセラーとなり、映画化された『フィフティ・シェイズ・オブ・グレイ』を、グレイの視点から。
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9778945	“Is Google making us stupid?” When Nicholas Carr posed that question, in a celebrated Atlantic Monthly cover story, he tapped into a well of anxiety about how the Internet is changing us. He also crystallized one of the most important debates of our time: As we enjoy the Net’s bounties, are we sacrificing our ability to read and think deeply?Now, Carr expands his argument
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10562	In seventeenth-century France, young D&apos;Artagnan initially quarrels with, then befriends, three musketeers and joins them in trying to outwit the enemies of the king and queen.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/998	The incredible national bestseller that is changing people&apos;s lives -- and increasing their net worth!  CAN YOU SPOT THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR?  Who are the rich in this country? What do they do? Where do they shop? What do they drive? How do they invest? Where did their ancestors come from? How did they get rich? Can I ever become one of them?  Get the answers in The Milli
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8797	A cat. A seagull. An impossible task.A worldwide bestseller and the subject of a feature film, THE STORY OF A SEAGULL... is finally out in paperback!Her wings burdened by an oil slick, a seagull struggles to the nearest port to lay her final egg. Exhausted, she lands on a balcony where Zorba the cat is sunning himself. She extracts three extraordinary promises from him: th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/790192	Join Tintin and Snowy--the world&apos;s greatest adventurers--as they solve thrilling mysteries around the world!Tintin come to the U.S.A to clean up the mean streets of Chicago! Though he outsmarts a group of gangsters, one gets away. Tintin is hot on his trail, tracking him into the Wild West But in this foreign land full of tricks, traps, and obstacles, it seems like everyon
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9465133	This anthology contains the masterpiece of Henley "Invictus" and over 100 other poems. Nicely formatted with capital letters, page break and interactive toc!At the age of 12, Henley fell victim to tuberculosis of the bone. A few years later, the disease progressed to his foot, and physicians announced that the only way to save his life was to amputate directly below the kn
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7351574	Explore the making of the film The Twilight Saga: Eclipse in this ultimate visual companion, lavishly illustrated with full-color photos of the cast, locations, and sets. This beautiful paperback edition celebrates the onscreen creation of Stephenie Meyer&apos;s fascinating world, brought to life by critically acclaimed director David Slade.  With never-before-seen images, excl
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26057959	Hundreds of books are there about "How to make money from stocks?" Still 80% small investors suffer loss in the stock market. Why?Plenty of free trading tips are available across Television and Internet; still maximum small investors are unable to earn significant return consistently from trading. Why?Why maximum individuals still consider the stock market as a place for g
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10171913	Deepak Chopra, the preeminent voice of Eastern philosophy in the West, now offers his remarkable insights on the inspiring life of one of the world&apos;s most important figures - the Buddha.Deepak Chopra&apos;s Buddha Guide vook is the perfect companion to Chopra&apos;s best-selling fiction novel, "Buddha: A Story of Enlightenment."The vook presents a practical guide with ten inspiring
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1917358	&apos;Political Ideals&apos; was written during the upheaval of World War One. It is, in many ways, a statement, of Russell&apos;s beliefs, a declaration of the ideas that influenced his thinking on the major events of the 20th century. In this sense, it is essential reading for every student of this great philosopher.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33952084	If you’re looking for a quickie thats a bit sweet, a whole lot alpha, and ridiculously dirty, this is the book for you.  He found her. He’s keeping her. No one, not even her, is going to keep him from doing just that.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35167685	A New York Times bestseller—the outrageous exploits of one of this century&apos;s greatest scientific minds and a legendary American original.Richard Feynman, winner of the Nobel Prize in physics, thrived on outrageous adventures. Here he recounts in his inimitable voice his experience trading ideas on atomic physics with Einstein and Bohr and ideas on gambling with Nick the Gr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50623864	A Life No One Will Remember. A Story You Will Never Forget.France, 1714: in a moment of desperation, a young woman makes a Faustian bargain to live forever and is cursed to be forgotten by everyone she meets.Thus begins the extraordinary life of Addie LaRue, and a dazzling adventure that will play out across centuries and continents, across history and art, as a young woma
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52733472	Stephen Hawking was recognized as one of the greatest minds of our time and a figure of inspiration after defying his ALS diagnosis at age twenty-one. He is known for both his breakthroughs in theoretical physics as well as his ability to make complex concepts accessible for all, and was beloved for his mischievous sense of humor. At the time of his death, Hawking was work
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24415817	A mysterious incident in Nepal. A dead body on the beaches of Puri. A murder in an abandoned house... The search for a valuable scroll leads Feluda and his friends to a strange case of characters, and perhaps the most chilling case Feluda has ever been faced with. For among D.G.Sen, the collector of scrolls, his son Mahim, his secretary Nishit, the wildlife photographer Bi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55056088	Freaked out by her fortieth birthday, the creator and executive producer of Never Have I Ever reflects on the importance of good friends—and the mortifying obligations it takes to keep them.Yes, Mindy Kaling is the genial Hollywood celebrity who posted twelve selfies from a single Oscar party, but that smile took work. In this hilariously honest essay, Mindy reflects on th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36204378	A Turing Award-winning computer scientist and statistician shows how understanding causality has revolutionized science and will revolutionize artificial intelligence "Correlation is not causation." This mantra, chanted by scientists for more than a century, has led to a virtual prohibition on causal talk. Today, that taboo is dead. The causal revolution, instigated by Jud
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/310417	Shows you how to get lower bid prices, more visitors, and more control in this guide to Google AdWords. This title contains search engine optimization techniques, direct marketing skills, methods of testing, and real-life case studies that help you use the advertising medium to improve your business.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5938	Pablo Neruda has been hailed as the greatest poet of the 20th century & was a Nobel laureat. In these memoirs he also recounts his distinguished career as a diplomat & politician, during which he came to know iconic figures including Gandhi, Che Guevara, & Mao Tse Tung.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/974480	All volumes of Professor Guthrie&apos;s great history of Greek philosophy have won their due acclaim. The most striking merits of Guthrie&apos;s work are his mastery of a tremendous range of ancient literature and modern scholarship, his fairness and balance of judgement and the lucidity and precision of his English prose. He has achieved clarity and comprehensiveness.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16343	Agatha Christie&apos;s debut novel was the first to feature Hercule Poirot, her famously eccentric Belgian detective. A refugee of the Great War, Poirot is settling in England near Styles Court, the country estate of his wealthy benefactor, the elderly Emily Inglethorp. When Emily is poisoned and the authorities are baffled, Poirot puts his prodigious sleuthing skills to work.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30848916	Life would have been easier had it been possible for us to plan falling in love; more importantly, avoidfalling in love . . .&apos;Love is not for you,&apos; she told herself. Inside-just like any girl-she desired to be loved. She had accepted her life the way it was, till one day love showed up unannounced, uninvited! That&apos;s the thing with love. It doesn&apos;t take permission. It&apos;s in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/243685	Since its first publication in 1945 Lord Russell&apos;s A History of Western Philosophy has been universally acclaimed as the outstanding one-volume work on the subject—unparalleled in its comprehensiveness, its clarity, its erudition, its grace and wit. In seventy-six chapters he traces philosophy from the rise of Greek civilization to the emergence of logical analysis in the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/263145	Yuki Cross has no memory of her past prior to the moment she was saved from a vampire attack ten years ago. She was adopted by the headmaster of Cross Academy, and now works alongside Zero to guard the Academy&apos;s secret. Cross Adademy is attended by two groups of students: the Day Class and the Night Class. At twilight, when the students of the Day Class return to their dor
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18619684	A funny, often poignant tale of boy meets girl with a twist: what if one of them couldn&apos;t stop slipping in and out of time? Highly original and imaginative, this debut novel raises questions about life, love, and the effects of time on relationships.Audrey Niffenegger’s innovative debut, The Time Traveler’s Wife, is the story of Clare, a beautiful art student, and Henry, a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50202953	Piranesi&apos;s house is no ordinary building: its rooms are infinite, its corridors endless, its walls are lined with thousands upon thousands of statues, each one different from all the others. Within the labyrinth of halls an ocean is imprisoned; waves thunder up staircases, rooms are flooded in an instant. But Piranesi is not afraid; he understands the tides as he understan
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37502596	Legendary leadership and elite performance expert Robin Sharma introduced The 5am Club concept over twenty years ago, based on a revolutionary morning routine that has helped his clients maximize their productivity, activate their best health and bulletproof their serenity in this age of overwhelming complexity.      Now, in this life-changing book, handcrafted by the auth
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13079982	Guy Montag is a fireman. In his world, where television rules and literature is on the brink of extinction, firemen start fires rather than put them out. His job is to destroy the most illegal of commodities, the printed book, along with the houses in which they are hidden.Montag never questions the destruction and ruin his actions produce, returning each day to his bland
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14755025	Enoch is tested. His brother is human, the thing he hates. He watches as the brother he knew is stripped away by his love for Clara. He&apos;s never hated someone as much as he hated her...but the bond forced him to not only want to protect her, but feel things he never had before. When a girl needs his help, that split second decision changes his whole world in one instant. A
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31360	Children of the Mind (1996) is the fourth novel of Orson Scott Card&apos;s popular Ender&apos;s Game series of science fiction novels that focus on the character Ender Wiggin. This book was originally the second half of Xenocide, before it was split into two novels.At the start of Children of the Mind, Jane, the evolved computer intelligence, is using her newly discovered abilities
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33819845	India might not admit it, but should it find itself involved in a border war with China it will lose. Apart from superior military power, close coordination between the political leadership and the military and the ability to take quick decisions, China has potent anti-satellite and cyber warfare capabilities. Even more shockingly, regardless of popular opinion, India toda
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/141352	The last book published during Kafka&apos;s lifetime, A Hunger Artist (1924) explores many of the themes that were close to him: spiritual poverty, asceticism, futility, and the alienation of the modern artist. He edited the manuscript just before his death, and these four stories are some of his best known and most powerful work, marking his maturity as a writer. In addition t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46223297	Edward Snowden, the man who risked everything to expose the US government’s system of mass surveillance, reveals for the first time the story of his life, including how he helped to build that system and what motivated him to try to bring it down.In 2013, twenty-nine-year-old Edward Snowden shocked the world when he broke with the American intelligence establishment and re
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19501	A celebrated writer&apos;s irresistible, candid, and eloquent account of her pursuit of worldly pleasure, spiritual devotion, and what she really wanted out of life. Around the time Elizabeth Gilbert turned thirty, she went through an early-onslaught midlife crisis. She had everything an educated, ambitious American woman was supposed to want—a husband, a house, a successful ca
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5956028	Slavný román Milana Kundery vychází poprvé v České republice; s obvyklou Poznámkou autora a s doslovem Květoslava Chvatíka. Poprvé vyšel ve francouzském překladu v roce 1984 v Paříži u Gallimarda, v roce 1985 česky v Kanadě v nakladatelství Sixty-Eight Publishers. Vyprávění o lásce, o Tereze a Tomášovi, o Sabině a Franzovi, o lehkosti a tíze bytí...„Po čtyřech letech stráv
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28815	Influence, the classic book on persuasion, explains the psychology of why people say "yes"—and how to apply these understandings. Dr. Robert Cialdini is the seminal expert in the rapidly expanding field of influence and persuasion. His thirty-five years of rigorous, evidence-based research along with a three-year program of study on what moves people to change behavior has
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55399	The Malazan Empire simmers with discontent, bled dry by interminable warfare, bitter infighting and bloody confrontations with the formidable Anomander Rake and his Tiste Andii, ancient and implacable sorcerers. Even the imperial legions, long inured to the bloodshed, yearn for some respite. Yet Empress Laseen&apos;s rule remains absolute, enforced by her dread Claw assassins.F
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7726143	A love triangle that will span eternity…The year is 1864 and the Civil War rages on. But seventeen-year-old Stefan Salvatore is fighting a battle all his own. Engaged to marry someone he does not love, Stefan falls for a mysterious girl named Katherine. With her gleaming curls and mischievous brown eyes, Katherine is beautiful and seduction…but she also harbors a dark
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/428263	"BELLA?"Edward&apos;s soft voice came from behind me. I turned to see him spring lightly up the porch steps, his hair windblown from running. He pulled me into his arms at once, just like he had in the parking lot, and kissed me again.This kiss frightened me. There was too much tension, too strong an edge to the way his lips crushed mine - like he was afraid we had only so much
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7869	Alternate cover for this ISBN can be found hereWho is Jason Bourne? Is he an assassin, a terrorist, a thief? Why has he got four million dollars in a Swiss bank account? Why has someone tried to murder him?...Jason Bourne does not know the answer to any of these questions. Suffering from amnesia, he does not even know that he is Jason Bourne. What manner of man is he? What
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17347634	From the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Giver of Stars, discover the love story that captured over 20 million hearts in Me Before You, After You, and Still Me.They had nothing in common until love gave them everything to lose . . .Louisa Clark is an ordinary girl living an exceedingly ordinary life—steady boyfriend, close family—who has barely been farther afi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6969	An alternative cover of this ISBN can be found here.Emma Woodhouse is one of Austen&apos;s most captivating and vivid characters. Beautiful, spoilt, vain and irrepressibly witty, Emma organizes the lives of the inhabitants of her sleepy little village and plays matchmaker with devastating effect.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/81959	The mind guides our footsteps as we progress along the pathway of life.Purity of mind leads inevitably to purity of life, to the precious love and understanding that should control our everyday acts and attitudes towards friends and foes.But where must one look for guidance? How does one achieve purity of mind that alone brings happiness and confidence?The author offers hi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16299	First, there were ten—a curious assortment of strangers summoned as weekend guests to a little private island off the coast of Devon. Their host, an eccentric millionaire unknown to all of them, is nowhere to be found. All that the guests have in common is a wicked past they&apos;re unwilling to reveal—and a secret that will seal their fate. For each has been marked for murder.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1845	Librarian&apos;s Note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereIn April, 1992, a young man from a well-to-do family hitchhiked to Alaska and walked alone into the wilderness north of Mt. McKinley. His name was Christopher Johnson McCandless. He had given $25,000 in savings to charity, abandoned his car and most of his possessions, burned all the cash in his wallet, and inve
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53406779	Seven strangers. Seven secrets. One perfect crime.When Amelia is invited to an all-expenses-paid retreat on a private island, the mysterious offer is too good to refuse. Along with six other strangers, she’s told they’re here to test a brand-new product for Timeo Technologies. But the guests’ excitement soon turns to terror when the real reason for their summons becomes cl
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53174741	From the bestselling author of The German Midwife comes the heart-wrenching story of a country on the brink of war, a woman who puts herself in the line of fire, and a world about to be forever changed.Berlin, 1938: It’s the height of summer, and Germany is on the brink of war. When fledgling reporter Georgie Young is posted to Berlin, alongside fellow Londoner Max Spender
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19691	Here is the runaway bestseller that launched Tom Clancy&apos;s phenomenal career. A military thriller so gripping in its action and so convincing in its accuracy that the author was rumored to have been debriefed by the White House. Its theme: the greatest espionage coup in history. Its story: the chase for a top secret Russian missile sub. Lauded by the Washington Post as "bre
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38348476	David Sedaris returns with his most deeply personal and darkly hilarious book.If you&apos;ve ever laughed your way through David Sedaris&apos;s cheerfully misanthropic stories, you might think you know what you&apos;re getting with Calypso. You&apos;d be wrong. When he buys a beach house on the Carolina coast, Sedaris envisions long, relaxing vacations spent playing board games and lounging i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35699179	Considered by many as the greatest short story writer the world has seen, Anton Chekhov changed the genre itself with his spare, impressionistic depictions of Russian life and the human condition.From characteristically brief, evocative early pieces such as The Huntsman and his masterpiece A Bet to his best-known stories such as The Lady with the Little Toy Dog and The Req
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1431	In his latest international bestseller, the celebrated author of The Alchemist addresses the fundamental questions asked by millions: What am I doing here today? and Why do I go on living?Twenty-four-year-old Veronika seems to have everything she could wish for: youth and beauty, plenty of attractive boyfriends, a fulfilling job, and a loving family. Yet something is lacki
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/179174	In this classic graphic novel: Tintin stumbles across a model ship at the Old Street Market. Only it isn&apos;t just any model ship-it&apos;s the Unicorn, carved by one of Haddock&apos;s ancestors, and it holds a clue to finding pirate treasure!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28787203	“Only staying active will make you want to live a hundred years.” —Japanese proverb  According to the Japanese, everyone has an ikigai—a reason for living. And according to the residents of the Japanese village with the world’s longest-living people, finding it is the key to a happier and longer life. Having a strong sense of ikigai—the place where passion, mission, vocati
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35404251	Arya, with the help of Yoren, a brother of the Night’s Watch, has escaped from King’s Landing, but the road to the Wall brings its own dangers. Meanwhile, Sansa attends a tournament on the sadistic King Joffrey’s name-day, and Bran, in Winterfell, suffers from strange dreams of wolves...
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/47878	Things are never simple for Charlie Bone. His parents have been reunited but Charlie can&apos;t resist the call of danger when the parents of a kidnapped classmate plead for help. Asa, the missing student, is being held by Manfred in a cave. To free his former enemy and escape capture himself, Charlie must enlist the help of the Flames. An exciting fantasy adventure for boys an
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33384139	Vibrant, scale swathed wings… Abilities that can be harnessed by a chosen few… Dragons… All this may seem like old news, but for seventeen year-old Elena Watkins the world of Paegeia is not finished revealing all its secrets. During a summer break intended for relaxation, she discovers that her harrowing adventure to retrieve the King of Lion sword wasn’t the destiny foret
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/224655	The adventures of prankster Emil, whose exploits include stranding his little sister at the top of a flagpole, disappearing from a locked woodshed, and getting his head stuck in a soup tureen--twice.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35036409	A modern masterpiece from one of Italy&apos;s most acclaimed authors, My Brilliant Friend is a rich, intense and generous hearted story about two friends, Elena and Lila. Ferrante&apos;s inimitable style lends itself perfectly to a meticulous portrait of these two women that is also the story of a nation and a touching meditation on the nature of friendship. Through the lives of the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50608282	From the author of Die Empty and The Accidental Creative, a new framework for understanding what motivates us and why.   What drives us to unleash our best work? And how do we tap into that drive to get superior results with our managers, coworkers, and direct reports? As Todd Henry reveals in this illuminating book, drawing on decades of research and interviews with over
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77667	Nature was a form of religion for naturalist, essayist, and early environmentalist Henry David Thoreau (1817–62). In communing with the natural world, he wished to "live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and … learn what it had to teach." Toward that end Thoreau built a cabin in the spring of 1845 on the shores of Walden Pond — on land owned by Ralph
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1842	"Diamond has written a book of remarkable scope ... one of the most important and readable works on the human past published in recent years."Winner of the Pulitzer Prize and a national bestseller: the global account of the rise of civilization that is also a stunning refutation of ideas of human development based on race.In this "artful, informative, and delightful" (Will
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36640169	I know something about you without knowing you. I bet you spend A LOT of time in your head. You know, thinking, worrying, stressing, freaking out — call it whatever you want. I call it a preoccupied mind. And with what?  99% of your thoughts are useless. William James, once the leading psychologist in America, and one of the founders of the philosophical school of pragmati
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28503784	In the spring of 1978, a young Haruki Murakami sat down at his kitchen table and began to write. The result: two remarkable short novels—Hear the Wind Sing and Pinball, 1973—that launched the career of one of the most acclaimed authors of our time. These powerful, at times surreal, works about two young men coming of age—the unnamed narrator and his friend the Rat—are stor
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22816087	What would happen if the world were ending?A catastrophic event renders the earth a ticking time bomb. In a feverish race against the inevitable, nations around the globe band together to devise an ambitious plan to ensure the survival of humanity far beyond our atmosphere, in outer space.But the complexities and unpredictability of human nature coupled with unforeseen cha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12544648	Now in the 5th edition, Cracking the Coding Interview gives you the interview preparation you need to get the top software developer jobs. This is a deeply technical book and focuses on the software engineering skills to ace your interview. The book is over 500 pages and includes 150 programming interview questions and answers, as well as other advice.The full list of topi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55125520	Goal: Find a boyfriend, get married, buy a house in the suburbs with a white picket fence, and pop out 2.5 kids.Deadline: Sixty days.That’s possible, right?HAHAHA. *Faints*I’m kidding. Well, kind of. I mean, I’m not going to attempt a shotgun wedding or try to get knocked up by some guy I met on the internet, but there is no doubt that, this year, home for the holidays
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15852	An accesible version of Einstein&apos;s masterpiece of theory, written by the genius himselfAccording to Einstein himself, this book is intended "to give an exact insight into the theory of Relativity to those readers who, from a general scientific and philosophical point of view, are interested in the theory, but who are not conversant with the mathematical apparatus of theore
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17157681	Smaug certainly looked fast asleep, when Bilbo peeped once more from the entrance. He was just about to step out onto the floor when he caught a sudden thin ray of red from under the drooping lid of Smaug&apos;s left eye. He was only pretending to be sleep! He was watching the tunnel entrance!Whisked from his comfortable hobbit-hole by Gandalf the wizard and a band of dwarves,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55543206	A heartening and uproariously funny novel of high hopes, bad choices, book love, and one woman’s best—and worst—intentions.Without question, Fawn Birchill knows that her used bookstore is the heart of West Philadelphia, a cornerstone of culture for a community that, for the past twenty years, has found the quirkiness absolutely charming. When an amicable young indie bookse
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6584471	"This Book is based on the turning point for Earth into a new era of space travel and the beginning of the Age of Aquarius. The story focuses on one Man by the Name of David Braymer and his adventures from High school teacher to 1st Science Officer on board the Lunar Base 1 Mobile Base Station and his encounters with Alien Life forms through out our universe and the space
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68783	In 1967, after a session with a psychiatrist she&apos;d never seen before, eighteen-year-old Susanna Kaysen was put in a taxi and sent to McLean Hospital. She spent most of the next two years on the ward for teenage girls in a psychiatric hospital as renowned for its famous clientele--Sylvia Plath, Robert Lowell, James Taylor, and Ray Charles--as for its progressive methods of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25451264	Half a century after the Doomsday Battle, the uneasy balance of Dark Forest Deterrence keeps the Trisolaran invaders at bay. Earth enjoys unprecedented prosperity due to the infusion of Trisolaran knowledge. With human science advancing daily and the Trisolarans adopting Earth culture, it seems that the two civilizations will soon be able to co-exist peacefully as equals w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8521879	“What the Communist Manifesto is to the capitalist world, Annihilation of Caste is to India.” —Anand Teltumbde, author of The Persistence of CasteB.R. Ambedkar’s Annihilation of Caste is one of the most important, yet neglected, works of political writing from India. Written in 1936, it is an audacious denunciation of Hinduism and its caste system. Ambedkar – a figure like
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35547151	In the far North, Jon Snow and the men of the Night&apos;s Watch prepare themselves for the coming winter - but recent events in the war bring troubling news to the north and could shake his oaths. Meanwhile, in King&apos;s Landing, Tyrion must play a calculated game of intrigue to establish himself as the King&apos;s Hand; but his sister Cersei -the Queen Regent, openly dismayed by the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23168817	This is the second novel in "Remembrance of Earth’s Past", the near-future trilogy written by the China&apos;s multiple-award-winning science fiction author, Cixin Liu. In The Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion — four centuries in the future. The aliens&apos; human collaborators have been defeated but the presence of the sophons, the subatom
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33917	Jhumpa Lahiri&apos;s Interpreter of Maladies established this young writer as one the most brilliant of her generation. Her stories are one of the very few debut works -- and only a handful of collections -- to have won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Among the many other awards and honors it received were the New Yorker Debut of the Year award, the PEN/Hemingway Award, and the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/69571	Rich Dad Poor Dad is Robert&apos;s story of growing up with two dads — his real father and the father of his best friend, his "rich dad" — and the ways in which both men shaped his thoughts about money and investing. The book explodes the myth that you need to earn a high income to be rich and explains the difference between working for money and having your money work for you.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32072974	Jenna Fischer’s Hollywood journey began at the age of 22 when she moved to Los Angeles from her hometown of St. Louis. With a theater degree in hand, she was certain everything would fall easily into place. Never mind that she didn’t know a single person in the entertainment industry. She was determined, she was confident, she was ready to work hard. So, what could go wron
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/244524	Between 1965 and 1992, Satyajit Ray wrote a total of 35 Feluda stories, featuring the master sleuth Pradosh C. Mitter, AKA Feluda. The plots involve murder, mystery and adventure, most of the times in exotic locations, narrated in a racy, humorous style by the detective&apos;s cousin-cum-assistant Topeshranjan Mitter AKA Topshe, and in most cases, accompanied by the funny Lalmo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1081560	First published in 1938, The Hobbit is a story that “grew in the telling,” and many characters and events in the published book are completely different from what Tolkien first wrote to read aloud to his young sons as part of their “fireside reads.” For the first time, The History of the Hobbit reproduces the original version of one of literature’s most famous stories, and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43305406	Who are we Indians ? Where did we come from ? Many of us believe our ancestors have lived in South Asia since &apos;time immemorial&apos;. But, as it turns out, &apos;time immemorial&apos; may not have been all that long ago. To tell us the story of our ancestry, journalist Tony Joseph goes 65,000 years into the past—when a band of modern humans, or Homo sapiens, first made their way from Afr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/391062	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35133922	Tara Westover was 17 the first time she set foot in a classroom. Born to survivalists in the mountains of Idaho, she prepared for the end of the world by stockpiling home-canned peaches and sleeping with her "head-for-the-hills bag". In the summer she stewed herbs for her mother, a midwife and healer, and in the winter she salvaged in her father&apos;s junkyard.Her father forba
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/860566	Yüz yıl sonra Ekim Devrimi ve ardından kurulan iktidarların bozulup çürüdüğü ve yıkıldığı, büyük emek ve özverilerle insanlığa armağan edilen kazanımların emperyalist kapitalist barbarlık eliyle yok edilerek insanın kendine düşman haline getirilmeye çalışıldığı bir çürüme çağında dönüp yeniden Ekime bakmak, onun insanın kendini gerçekleştirmesine yaptığı katkıdan esinlenme
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7733	For the last 250 years people everywhere have enjoyed reading about Lemuel Gulliver&apos;s travels in the strange countries of Lilliput and Brobdingnag. The people of these countries, with all their curiously human failings, come to life in Martin Aitchison&apos;s vivid illustrations. Here is a story to make you laugh - but to make you think, too.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19959841	Welcome to Dead House, Stay Out of the Basement, Monster Blood, and Say Cheese and Die!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1032	Trump reveals the business secrets that have made him America’s foremost deal maker! “I like thinking big. I always have. To me it’s very simple: If you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.”—Donald J. Trump  Here is Trump in action—how he runs his business and how he runs his life—as he meets the people he needs to meet, chats with family and friend
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/368916	This charming classic, first published in 1970, brings together twenty years of correspondence between Helene Hanff, a freelance writer living in New York City, and a used-book dealer in London. Through the years, though never meeting and separated both geographically and culturally, they share a winsome, sentimental friendship based on their common love for books. Their r
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/661852	THREE NOVELS ABOUT THE SUPER-SLEUTH, THE BENGALI DETECTIVE FELUDA; GREAT FUN.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1420	Among Shakespeare&apos;s plays, "Hamlet" is considered by many his masterpiece. Among actors, the role of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, is considered the jewel in the crown of a triumphant theatrical career. Now Kenneth Branagh plays the leading role and co-directs a brillant ensemble performance. Three generations of legendary leading actors, many of whom first assembled for the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19063	Librarian&apos;s note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereIt is 1939. Nazi Germany. The country is holding its breath. Death has never been busier, and will be busier still.By her brother&apos;s graveside, Liesel&apos;s life is changed when she picks up a single object, partially hidden in the snow. It is The Gravedigger&apos;s Handbook, left behind there by accident, and it is her f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25103640	(Easy Piano Songbook). Our songbook matching the soundtrack to the hit Twilight sequel features indie/alt-rock originals written exclusively for the film. Includes Death Cab for Cutie&apos;s lead single "Meet Me on the Equinox" plus songs by Thom Yorke, Muse, Bon Iver, Band of Skulls, Sea Wolf, Lykke Li and others. 15 tunes in easy piano arrangements: Done All Wrong * Friends *
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/72193	Harry Potter thinks he is an ordinary boy - until he is rescued by an owl, taken to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, learns to play Quidditch and does battle in a deadly duel. The Reason ... HARRY POTTER IS A WIZARD!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/59145	Père Goriot is the tragic story of a father whose obsessive love for his two daughters leads to his financial and personal ruin. Interwoven with this theme is that of the impoverished young aristocrat, Rastignac, who came to Paris from the provinces to hopefully make his fortune. He befriends Goriot and becomes involved with the daughters. The story is set against the back
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1428	From Paulo Coelho, author of the bestselling The Alchemist, comes a poignant, richly poetic story that reflects the depth of love and life.Rarely does adolescent love reach its full potential, but what happens when two young lovers reunite after eleven years? Time has transformed Pilar into a strong and independent woman, while her devoted childhood friend has grown into a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49405179	In the romantic tradition of Dear John and The Lucky One, #1 New York Times bestselling author Nicholas Sparks returns with the story of an injured Navy doctor -- and two women whose secrets will change the course of his life.   Trevor Benson never intended to move back to New Bern, NC. But when a mortar blast outside the hospital where he worked as an orthopedic surgeon s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55056104	Is almost $2,000 a lot to drop on someone else’s dinner, just to be a big shot? Hell yeah! But what if nobody notices that you—one of Time magazine’s “100 Most Influential People” in the world—picked up the tab?In this meditation on celebrity, power, and a simple thank-you, Mindy Kaling takes the next charmed step in her path from Conan intern to mogul: picking up the enti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17488	The very first Famous Five adventure, featuring Julian, Dick, Anne, not forgetting tomboy George and her beloved dog, Timmy! There&apos;s a shipwreck off Kirrin Island! But where is the treasure? The Famous Five are on the trail - looking for clues - but they&apos;re not alone! Someone else has got the same idea. Time is running out for the Famous Five, who will follow the clues and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46224901	From the bestselling author of The Neon Lawyer comes a gripping thriller about a prosecutor confronted with the darkest part of her past and the worst fears for her future…Fourteen years ago, prosecutor Jessica Yardley’s husband went to prison for a series of brutal murders. She’s finally created a life with her daughter and is a well-respected attorney. She’s moving on. B
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38746485	In a life filled with meaning and accomplishment, Michelle Obama has emerged as one of the most iconic and compelling women of our era. As First Lady of the United States of America—the first African American to serve in that role—she helped create the most welcoming and inclusive White House in history, while also establishing herself as a powerful advocate for women and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45046690	An exuberant and insightful work of popular history of how streets got their names, houses their numbers, and what it reveals about class, race, power, and identity.When most people think about street addresses, if they think of them at all, it is in their capacity to ensure that the postman can deliver mail or a traveler won’t get lost. But street addresses were not inven
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44428950	In the tradition of Phil Knight&apos;s Shoe Dog comes the incredible untold story of how Netflix went from concept to company-all revealed by co-founder and first CEO Marc Randolph.Once upon a time, brick-and-mortar video stores were king. Late fees were ubiquitous, video-streaming unheard was of, and widespread DVD adoption seemed about as imminent as flying cars. Indeed, thes
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2495789	With imaginative lushness and narrative elan, Mehta provides a novel that combines Indian storytelling with thoroughly modern perceptions into the nature of love--love both carnal and sublime, treacherous and redeeming. "Conveys a world that is spiritual, foreign, and entirely accessible."--Vanity Fair. Reading tour.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52207852	Are you longing to experience a more intimate and loving relationship with the Divine? Secrets of Divine Love draws upon spiritual secrets of the Qur&apos;an, ancient mystical poetry, and stories from the world&apos;s greatest prophets and spiritual masters to help you reignite your faith, overcome your doubts, and deepen your connection with God.Through the use of scientific eviden
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29044	Under the influence of their charismatic classics professor, a group of clever, eccentric misfits at an elite New England college discover a way of thinking and living that is a world away from the humdrum existence of their contemporaries. But when they go beyond the boundaries of normal morality they slip gradually from obsession to corruption and betrayal, and at last -
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/99610	He wanted power. Oliver Russell is fated to rise to the pinnacle of power, President of the United States. She wanted revenge. Leslie Stewart is his betrayed fiancee. Amassing her own media empire, on her fortieth birthday, she looks back. What went wrong?
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40994483	Philip Pullman, author of &apos;His Dark Materials&apos; trilogy, has remarked that "after nourishment, shelter, and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world." This new collection of Rumi stories fills that need.This fresh prose translation of 105 short teaching stories by Rumi, which form the core of the six-volume Masnavi, explores the hidden spiritual aspect
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12497	In his blistering new novel, Cormac McCarthy returns to the Texas-Mexico border, the setting of his famed Border Trilogy. The time is our own, when rustlers have given way to drug-runners and small towns have become free-fire zones. One day, Llewellyn Moss finds a pickup truck surrounded by a bodyguard of dead men. A load of heroin and two million dollars in cash are still
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6900	Maybe it was a grandparent, or a teacher or a colleague. Someone older, patient and wise, who understood you when you were young and searching, and gave you sound advice to help you make your way through it. For Mitch Albom, that person was Morrie Schwartz, his college professor from nearly twenty years ago.Maybe, like Mitch, you lost track of this mentor as you made your
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13227454	Meet Harold Fry, recently retired. He lives in a small English village with his wife, Maureen, who seems irritated by almost everything he does, even down to how he butters his toast. Little differentiates one day from the next. Then one morning the mail arrives, and within the stack of quotidian minutiae is a letter addressed to Harold in a shaky scrawl from a woman he ha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1656001	Melanie Stryder refuses to fade away. The earth has been invaded by a species that take over the minds of human hosts while leaving their bodies intact. Wanderer, the invading "soul" who has been given Melanie&apos;s body, didn&apos;t expect to find its former tenant refusing to relinquish possession of her mind.As Melanie fills Wanderer&apos;s thoughts with visions of Jared, a human who
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51787	This comprehensive anthology of Bertrand Russell&apos;s writings brings together his definitive essays from the period 1903 to 1959. It covers the most fertile and the most lasting work on every significant area he published in.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4898	The global phenomenon, embraced by business worldwide and now published in more than 40 languages.This international bestseller challenges everything you thought you knew about the requirements for strategic success.Since the dawn of the industrial age, companies have engaged in head-to-head competition in search of sustained, profitable growth. They have fought for compet
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4894	It is the amusing and enlightening story of four characters who live in a maze and look for cheese to nourish them and make them happy. Cheese is a metaphor for what you want to have in life, for example a good job, a loving relationship, money or possessions, health or spiritual peace of mind. The maze is where you look for what you want, perhaps the organisation you work
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8049273	The international bestseller that inspired a major Nova special and sparked a new understanding of the universe, now with a new preface and epilogue.Brian Greene, one of the world&apos;s leading string theorists, peels away layers of mystery to reveal a universe that consists of eleven dimensions, where the fabric of space tears and repairs itself, and all matter—from the small
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6732019	Most business books give you the same old advice: Write a business plan, study the competition, seek investors, yadda yadda. If you&apos;re looking for a book like that, put this one back on the shelf.Rework shows you a better, faster, easier way to succeed in business. Read it and you&apos;ll know why plans are actually harmful, why you don&apos;t need outside investors, and why you&apos;re
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16256798	The One Thing explains the success habit to overcome the six lies that block our success, beat the seven thieves that steal time, and leverage the laws of purpose, priority, and productivity.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41865	About three things I was absolutely positive.First, Edward was a vampire.Second, there was a part of him—and I didn&apos;t know how dominant that part might be—that thirsted for my blood.And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him.Deeply seductive and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilight is a love story with bite.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27976967	This book is one of the many Islamic publications distributed by Ahlulbayt Organization throughout the world in different languages with the aim of conveying the message of Islam to the people of the world. Ahlulbayt Organization (www.shia.es) is a registered Organization that operates and is sustained through collaborative efforts of volunteers in many countries around th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44303982	Cassie McDowell’s life in 1980s Minnesota seems perfectly wholesome. She lives on a farm, loves school, and has a crush on the nicest boy in class. Yes, there are her parents’ strange parties and their parade of deviant guests, but she’s grown accustomed to them.All that changes when someone comes hunting in Lilydale.One by one, local boys go missing. One by one, they retu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/355656	The "forgotten" second volume of Capital, Marx&apos;s world-shaking analysis of economics, politics, and history, contains the vital discussion of commodity, the cornerstone to Marx&apos;s theories.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52149789	Best friends Lindsey, Kendra, and Dani endure every parent&apos;s nightmare when a tragic accident befalls their teenage boys, leaving one dead, another in a coma, and a third too traumatized to speak. Reeling from the worst night of their lives, the three mothers plunge into a desperate investigation of the bizarre incident. How could something so horrible happen in their weal
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29744577	A free-spirited university student, Maria’s life stretches before her like a wonderful adventure. It is New Zealand in the mid-seventies and Maria wants to make music, serve the Lord and spread her wings far beyond the safe familiarity of her homeland. Then, the unthinkable happens: a callous act resulting in an impossible choice that shapes the rest of her life. Heartbrok
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28512671	Foreword by Steven PinkerBlending the informed analysis of The Signal and the Noise with the instructive iconoclasm of Think Like a Freak, a fascinating, illuminating, and witty look at what the vast amounts of information now instantly available to us reveals about ourselves and our world—provided we ask the right questions.By the end of an average day in the early twenty
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17214272	Guided by famed marketing consultant and best-selling author Perry Marshall, sales and marketing professionals save 80 percent of their time and money by zeroing in on the right 20 percent of their market — then apply 80/202 and 80/203 to gain 10X, even 100X the success. With a powerful 80/20 software tool (online, included with the book), sellers and marketers uncover how
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/797635	A sinister totalitarian ministry called the Palace of Dreams recruits Mark-Alem to sort, classify, and interpret the dreams of the people in the empire, seeking the master-dreams that give clues to the empire&apos;s destiny.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49127421	Author Nora Roberts begins a new trilogy of adventure, romance, and magick in The Awakening.In the realm of Talamh, a teenage warrior named Keegan emerges from a lake holding a sword—representing both power and the terrifying responsibility to protect the Fey. In another realm known as Philadelphia, a young woman has just discovered she possesses a treasure of her own…When
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/209194	Newly-orphaned Anne Beddingfeld is a nice English girl looking for a bit of adventure in London. But she stumbles upon more than she bargained for! Anne is on the platform at Hyde Park Corner tube station when a man falls onto the live track, dying instantly. A doctor examines the man, pronounces him dead, and leaves, dropping a note on his way. Anne picks up the note, whi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9804	A landmark new translation of a Calvino classic, a whimsical, spirited novel that imagines a life lived entirely on its own termsCosimo di Rondó, a young Italian nobleman of the eighteenth century, rebels against his parents by climbing into the trees and remaining there for the rest of his life. He adapts efficiently to an existence in the forest canopy—he hunts, sows cro
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2175	&apos;Oh, why, dear God, did I marry him?&apos;Emma Bovary is beautiful and bored, trapped in her marriage to a mediocre doctor and stifled by the banality of provincial life. An ardent devourer of sentimental novels, she longs for passion and seeks escape in fantasies of high romance, in voracious spending and, eventually, in adultery. But even her affairs bring her disappointment,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17397466	An Introduction to Statistical Learning provides an accessible overview of the field of statistical learning, an essential toolset for making sense of the vast and complex data sets that have emerged in fields ranging from biology to finance to marketing to astrophysics in the past twenty years. This book presents some of the most important modeling and prediction techniqu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10210	Orphaned as a child, Jane has felt an outcast her whole young life. Her courage is tested once again when she arrives at Thornfield Hall, where she has been hired by the brooding, proud Edward Rochester to care for his ward Adèle. Jane finds herself drawn to his troubled yet kind spirit. She falls in love. Hard. But there is a terrifying secret inside the gloomy, forbiddin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43212858	Framed for the murder of her best friend, a young girl joins a super-secret society of teenage assassins to avoid a lifetime behind bars--and discovers her own true self--in this mesmerizing debut novel.Seventeen-year-old Signal Deere has raised eyebrows for years as an unhappy Goth misfit from the trailer park. When she&apos;s convicted of her best friend Rose&apos;s brutal mur
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6047138	Since the independence of India, Kashmir has been a major concern for not just India but also the world. The issue of Kashmir still is a crucial issue discussed across forums in the global arena and is one of the major hindrances in improving relationship with India’s neighbour and kin of one time. Much has been written about Kashmir and the separatist movement in Kashmir.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/67238	Todd Anderson and his friends at Welton Academy can hardly believe how different life is since their new English professor, the flamboyant John Keating, has challenged them to "make your lives extraordinary! " Inspired by Keating, the boys resurrect the Dead Poets Society--a secret club where, free from the constraints and expectations of school and parents, they let their
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77203	The unforgettable, heartbreaking story of the unlikely friendship between a wealthy boy and the son of his father’s servant, The Kite Runner is a beautifully crafted novel set in a country that is in the process of being destroyed. It is about the power of reading, the price of betrayal, and the possibility of redemption; and an exploration of the power of fathers over son
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/95887	The legendary Eat That Frog! (more than 450,000 copies sold and translated into 23 languages) provides the 21 most effective methods for conquering procrastination and accomplishing more. This new edition is revised and updated throughout, and includes brand new information on how to keep technology from dominating our time.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5907	In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort.Written for J.R.R. Tolkien’s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim when it was first published in 1937. Now
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53387955	Megan Rapinoe, Olympic gold medalist and two-time Women&apos;s World Cup champion, has become a galvanizing force for social change; here, she urges all of us to take up the mantle, with actions big and small, to continue the fight for justice and equalityMegan Rapinoe is one of the world&apos;s most talented athletes. But beyond her massive professional success on the soccer field,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40745	A newer edition of this book can be found here.After decades of research, world-renowned Stanford University psychologist Carol S. Dweck, Ph.D., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset. In this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/128029	A Thousand Splendid Suns is a breathtaking story set against the volatile events of Afghanistan&apos;s last thirty years - from the Soviet invasion to the reign of the Taliban to post-Taliban rebuilding - that puts the violence, fear, hope, and faith of this country in intimate, human terms. It is a tale of two generations of characters brought jarringly together by the tragic
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3392149	More uncommon common sense from the bestselling author of "The Art of the Start."  In Silicon Valley slang, a bozo explosion is what causes a lean, mean, fighting machine of a company to slide into mediocrity. As Guy Kawasaki puts it, If the two most popular words in your company are "partner" and "strategic," and "partner" has become a verb, and "strategic" is used to des
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68811	Eine gespenstische Gesellschaft "grauer Herren" ist am Werk und veranlasst immer mehr Menschen, Zeit zu sparen. Aber in Wirklichkeit betrügen sie die Menschen um diese ersparte Zeit. Als die Not am größten ist und die Welt ihnen schon endgültig zu gehören scheint, entschließt sich Meister Hora, der geheimnisvolle "Verwalter der Zeit", zum Eingreifen. Doch dazu braucht er d
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14572	In the rush of modern life, we tend to lose touch with the peace that is available in each moment. World-renowned Zen master, spiritual leader, and author Thich Nhat Hanh shows us how to make positive use of the very situations that usually pressure and antagonize us. For him a ringing telephone can be a signal to call us back to our true selves. Dirty dishes, red lights,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33917107	A historian of fascism offers a guide for surviving and resisting America’s turn towards authoritarianism.On November 9th, millions of Americans woke up to the impossible: the election of Donald Trump as president. Against all predictions, one of the most-disliked presidential candidates in history had swept the electoral college, elevating a man with open contempt for dem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30346601	One teen’s incredible journey may just blow his father’s mind…Fourteen-year-old Bernard thinks outside the box. The only problem is that neither his school nor his ultra-rational physicist father appreciate his unique ideas. When he reacts to a stressful situation at school by mooning the class, his suspension sends him straight to his father’s workplace. After his frustra
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/92057	Alternate cover for ISBN 9780345350688Through a life of passion and struggle, Malcolm X became one of the most influential figures of the 20th Century. In this riveting account, he tells of his journey from a prison cell to Mecca, describing his transition from hoodlum to Muslim minister. Here, the man who called himself "the angriest Black man in America" relates how his
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/141019	Now new and old fans can relive the magic of this beloved film as it is retold in a beautiful full-color Little Golden Book!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/67896	A lucid translation of the well-known Taoist classic by a leading scholar-now in a Shambhala Pocket Library edition. Written more than two thousand years ago, the Tao Teh Ching, or -The Classic of the Way and Its Virtue, - is one of the true classics of the world of spiritual literature. Traditionally attributed to the legendary -Old Master, - Lao Tzu, the Tao Teh Ching te
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16160797	After losing his leg to a land mine in Afghanistan, Cormoran Strike is barely scraping by as a private investigator. Then John Bristow walks through his door with an amazing story: His sister, the legendary supermodel Lula Landry, famously fell to her death a few months earlier. The police ruled it a suicide, but John refuses to believe that. The case plunges Strike into t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50892349	In an unforgettable novel that traces a centuries-old curse to its source, beloved author Alice Hoffman unveils the story of Maria Owens, accused of witchcraft in Salem, and matriarch of a line of the amazing Owens women and men featured in Practical Magic and The Rules of Magic.Where does the story of the Owens bloodline begin? With Maria Owens, in the 1600s, when she’s a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13335037	In Beatrice Prior&apos;s dystopian Chicago world, society is divided into five factions, each dedicated to the cultivation of a particular virtue—Candor (the honest), Abnegation (the selfless), Dauntless (the brave), Amity (the peaceful), and Erudite (the intelligent). On an appointed day of every year, all sixteen-year-olds must select the faction to which they will devote the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/229145	From Clamp comes the thrilling adventures of Sakura, a fourth-grader who accidentally finds an enchanted book called The Clow. The book once contained a set of magical Clow Cards, but they all escaped while the guardian of the book fell asleep. Now, Sakura is thrust into a mystical journey to capture all the cards before they wreak chaos and destruction!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52838845	Amos Decker -- the FBI consultant with a perfect memory -- returns to solve a gruesome murder in a booming North Dakota oil town in the newest thriller in David Baldacci&apos;s #1 New York Times bestselling Memory Man series. When Amos Decker and his FBI colleague Alex Jamison are called to London, North Dakota, they instantly sense that the thriving fracking town is ripe for t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23876	On her twelfth birthday, Sierva Maria, the only child of a decaying noble family in an eighteenth-century South American seaport, is bitten by a rabid dog. Believed to be possessed, she is brought to a convent for observation. And into her cell stumbles Father Cayetano Delaura, who has already dreamed about a girl with hair trailing after her like a bridal train. As he ten
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/223668	...a magical parable of love, death and the power of familial bonds. --Stephen Salisbury, New York Times Book Review
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11027774	In the past decade Pakistan has become a country of immense importance to its region, the United States, and the world. With almost 200 million people, a 500,000-man army, nuclear weapons, and a large diaspora in Britain and North America, Pakistan is central to the hopes of jihadis and the fears of their enemies. Yet the greatest short-term threat to Pakistan is not Islam
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40090	Vikram Chandra&apos;s novel draws the reader deep into the life of Inspector Sartaj Singh—and into the criminal underworld of Ganesh Gaitonde, the most wanted gangster in India. It is is a story of friendship and betrayal, of terrible violence, of an astonishing modern city and its dark side.Seven years in the making, Sacred Games is an epic of exceptional richness and power. V
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48855	Discovered in the attic in which she spent the last years of her life, Anne Frank’s remarkable diary has become a world classic—a powerful reminder of the horrors of war and an eloquent testament to the human spirit. In 1942, with the Nazis occupying Holland, a thirteen-year-old Jewish girl and her family fled their home in Amsterdam and went into hiding. For the next two
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27297	This lively new translation with clear explanatory notes by one of the foremost scholars of classical Chinese provides the ideal introduction to the Analects for readers who have no previous knowledge of the Chinese language and philosophical traditions."How dare I claim to be a sage or a benevolent man?"By constructing the philosophy expressed through The Analects, Confuc
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35483484	Dylan has escaped a horrific train crash unscathed.Except she hasn&apos;t.The bleak landscape around her isn&apos;t Scotland. It&apos;s a wasteland haunted by wraiths searching for human souls. And the stranger waiting for her isn&apos;t an ordinary boy. Tristan is a Ferryman, tasked with transporting her soul safely to the afterlife, a journey he&apos;s made a thousand times before. Except this t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23878	A man returns to the town where a baffling murder took place twenty-seven years earlier, determined to get to the bottom of the story. Just hours after marrying the beautiful Angela Vicario, everyone agrees, Bayardo San Roman returned his bride in disgrace to her parents. Her distraught family forced her to name her first lover; and her twin brothers announced their intent
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/47881	The fifth book in the New York Times bestselling CHILDREN OF THE RED KING series! When Charlie turns twelve on New Year&apos;s Eve, the Flame Cats give him a grave warning: Something ancient has awoken, and Charlie must be watchful. Soon Charlie learns that the shadow from the Red King&apos;s portrait has been released, and that it will do anything to keep Charlie from finding his f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/163620	Coloured by poverty and horrifying brutality, Gorky&apos;s childhood equipped him to understand - in a way denied to a Tolstoy or a Turgenev - the life of the ordinary Russian. After his father, a paperhanger and upholsterer, died of cholera, five-year-old Gorky was taken to live with his grandfather, a polecat-faced tyrant who would regularly beat him unconscious, and with his
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46266188	The morning after Trump was elected president, the people who ran the US Department of Energy waited to brief the administration’s transition team on the agency it would soon be running. Nobody appeared. Across all departments the stories were the same: Trump appointees were few and far between; those who did show up were shockingly uninformed about the functions of their
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1953	After eighteen years as a political prisoner in the Bastille, the ageing Doctor Manette is finally released and reunited with his daughter in England. There the lives of two very different men, Charles Darnay, an exiled French aristocrat, and Sydney Carton, a disreputable but brilliant English lawyer, become enmeshed through their love for Lucie Manette. From the tranquil
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1050901	"Benim yaşamım sade, inançlı bir yaşam. Kalbim, dilimle uyum içinde. İnsanlar riyakârlığa saygı gösteriyor ve övüyor. Ben, riyakârlıktan elde edilen ün, saygı ve bağlılıktansa, unutulmuşluk içinde ölmeyi ve kimsenin ardımdan ağlamamasını tercih ederim. Kamuoyu çılgınları, beğenilmişlik ve saygınlıklarının kabalığını, dinî ve ahlâkî iktidarın arzusuna göre hareket ederek ya
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40603730	From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes a captivating love story filled with suspense and mystery.When a mysterious young woman named Katie appears in the small North Carolina town of Southport, her sudden arrival raises questions about her past. Beautiful yet self-effacing, Katie seems determined to avoid forming personal ties until a series of events draws he
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/213519	Why capitalism cannot overcome its internal contradictions and the working class cannot "reform" away exploitation and economic crises.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50548197	Lesson One of the Scholomance: Learning has never been this deadly.A Deadly Education is set at Scholomance, a school for the magically gifted where failure means certain death (for real) — until one girl, El, begins to unlock its many secrets. There are no teachers, no holidays, and no friendships, save strategic ones. Survival is more important than any letter grade, for
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51541496	Luster sees a young black woman figuring her way into life as an artist and into love in this darkly comic novel. She meets Eric, a digital archivist with a family in New Jersey, including an autopsist wife who has agreed to an open marriage. In this world of contemporary sexual manners and racial politics, Edie finds herself unemployed and living with Eric. She becomes he
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17212231	Harvard professor of symbology Robert Langdon awakens in an Italian hospital, disoriented and with no recollection of the past thirty-six hours, including the origin of the macabre object hidden in his belongings. With a relentless female assassin trailing them through Florence, he and his resourceful doctor, Sienna Brooks, are forced to flee. Embarking on a harrowing jour
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2161966	Leonard Susskind, padre de la teoría de cuerdas y uno de los físicos más eminentes de nuestro tiempo y Gerard’t Hooft, premio Nobel de Física, conscientes del reto que implicaba la propuesta de Hawking, fiel a la teoría de la relatividad general, contraatacaron con las leyes de la mecánica cuántica en la mano. Esta obra no es, simplemente, la historia de aquel enfrentamien
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15881	Ever since Harry Potter had come home for the summer, the Dursleys had been so mean and hideous that all Harry wanted was to get back to the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. But just as he’s packing his bags, Harry receives a warning from a strange impish creature who says that if Harry returns to Hogwarts, disaster will strike.And strike it does. For in Harry’
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8235178	A love out of time. A spaceship built of secrets and murder. Seventeen-year-old Amy joins her parents as frozen cargo aboard the vast spaceship Godspeed and expects to awaken on a new planet, three hundred years in the future. Never could she have known that her frozen slumber would come to an end fifty years too soon and that she would be thrust into the brave new world o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/629238	Why do the keypads on drive-up cash machines have Braille dots? Why are round-trip fares from Orlando to Kansas City higher than those from Kansas City to Orlando? For decades, Robert Frank has been asking his economics students to pose and answer questions like these as a way of learning how economic principles operate in the real world--which they do everywhere, all the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46193	In The Romantic Movement, Alain de Botton explores the progress of a love affair from first meeting to breaking up, intercut with musings on the nature of art of love. The relationship between Alice, an advertising executive, and Eric, a banker, is examined at every stage, supplemented by quizzes and line drawings by the author and commentary by a chorus of great philosoph
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/188572	A study in scarlet --The sign of four --Adventures of Sherlock Holmes : A scandal in Bohemia ; The red-headed league ; A case of identity ; The Boscombe Valley mystery ; The five orange pips ; The man with the twisted lip ; The adventure of the blue carbuncle ; The adventure of the speckled band ; The adventure of the engineer&apos;s thumb ; The adventure of the noble bachelor
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55359045	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7104572	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4122	"This is not a book about charismatic visionary leaders. It is not about visionary product concepts or visionary products or visionary market insights. Nor is it about just having a corporate vision. This is a book about something far more important, enduring, and substantial. This is a book about visionary companies." So write Jim Collins and Jerry Porras in this groundbr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3922855	ржлрзНрж▓рзНржпрж╛ржкрзЗ рж▓рж┐ржЦрж╛ ржХржерж╛ржГржЬрзАржмржи ржпржЦржи ржЫрж┐рж▓ ржлрзБрж▓рзЗрж░ ржорждрзЛ ржкрж╛ржкрзЬрж┐ рждрж╛рж╣рж╛рж░ ржЫрж┐рж▓ рж╢ржд рж╢ржд !!ржмрж╕ржирзНрждрзЗ рж╕рзЗ рж╣тАЩржд ржпржЦржи ржжрж╛рждрж╛ржЭрж░рж┐рзЯрзЗ ржжрж┐ржд ржжрзБ-ржЪрж╛рж░ржЯрж┐ рждрж╛рж░ ржкрж╛рждрж╛, рждржмрзБржУ ржпрзЗ рждрж╛рж░ ржмрж╛ржХрж┐ рж░ржЗржд ржХржд!!ржЖржЬ ржмрзБржЭрж┐ рждрж╛рж░ ржлрж▓ ржзрж░рзЗржЫрзЗ, рждрж╛ржЗрж╣рж╛рждрзЗ рждрж╛рж╣рж╛рж░ ржЕржзрж┐ржХ ржХрж┐ржЫрзБ ржирж╛ржЗредрж╣рзЗржоржирзНрждрзЗ рждрж╛рж░ рж╕ржорзЯ рж╣рж▓ ржПржмрзЗржкрзВрж░рзНржг ржХрж░рзЗ ржЖржкржирж╛ржХрзЗ рж╕рзЗ ржжрзЗржмрзЗ,рж░рж╕рзЗрж░ ржнрж╛рж░рзЗ рждрж╛ржЗ рж╕рзЗ рж╕рзЗ ржЕржмржиржд!!------рж░ржмрзАржирзНржжрзНрж░ржирж╛рже ржарж╛ржХрзБрж░------
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51204046	In the shocking new thriller from the #1 New York Times bestselling author of Run Away, a man whose past is shrouded in mystery must find a missing teenage girl before her disappearance brings about disastrous consequences for her community . . . and the world.The man known as Wilde is a mystery to everyone, including himself. Decades ago, he was found as a boy living fera
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/536955	"During my boxing career, you did not see the real Muhammad Ali. You just saw a little boxing. You saw only a part of me. After I retired from boxing my true work began. I have embarked on a journey of love." So Muhammad Ali begins this spiritual memoir, his description of the values that have shaped and sustained him and that continue to guide his life. In The Soul of a B
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10075698	According to John Warrillow, the number one mistake entrepreneurs make is to build a business that relies too heavily on them. Thus, when the time comes to sell, buyers aren&apos;t confident that the company-even if it&apos;s profitable-can stand on its own. To illustrate this, Warrillow introduces us to a fictional small business owner named Alex who is struggling to sell his adver
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2417482	This 1818 novel is set in a former abbey whose owner, Christopher Glowry, is host to visitors who enjoy his hospitality and engage in endless debate. Among these guests are figures recognizable to Peacock&apos;s contemporaries, including characters based on Lord Byron and Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Mr. Glowry&apos;s son Scythrop (also modeled on a famous Romantic, Peacock&apos;s friend Per
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3412	Alternate Cover Edition ISBN 0380018179 (ISBN13: 9780380018178)The Thorn Birds is a robust, romantic saga of a singular family, the Clearys. It begins in the early part of this century, when Paddy Cleary moves his wife, Fiona, and their seven children to Drogheda, the vast Australian sheep station owned by his autocratic and childless older sister; and it ends more than ha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19380	Candide is the story of a gentle man who, though pummeled and slapped in every direction by fate, clings desperately to the belief that he lives in "the best of all possible worlds." On the surface a witty, bantering tale, this eighteenth-century classic is actually a savage, satiric thrust at the philosophical optimism that proclaims that all disaster and human suffering
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33652490	A dazzling new collection of short stories—the first major new work of fiction from the beloved, internationally acclaimed, Haruki Murakami since his #1 best-selling Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage.Across seven tales, Haruki Murakami brings his powers of observation to bear on the lives of men who, in their own ways, find themselves alone. Here are van
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11324722	An alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780307377906 can be found here.Why can’t our political leaders work together as threats loom and problems mount? Why do people so readily assume the worst about the motives of their fellow citizens? In The Righteous Mind, social psychologist Jonathan Haidt explores the origins of our divisions and points the way forward to mutual underst
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5061675	2 eBooks in 1! George R. R. Martin, a writer of unsurpassed vision, power, and imagination, has created a landmark of fantasy fiction. Now his two epic works, A Game of Thrones and A Clash of Kings are combined together in this eBook edition. Sweeping from a harsh land of cold to a summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, A Game of Thrones tells a tale of lords and ladies,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/78411	Dear Reader,I&apos;m sorry to say that the book you are holding in your hands is extremely unpleasant. It tells an unhappy tale about three very unlucky children. Even though they are charming and clever, the Baudelaire siblings lead lives filled with misery and woe. From the very first page of this book when the children are at the beach and receive terrible news, continuing o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9742	The Audacity of Hope is Barack Obama&apos;s call for a new kind of politics—a politics that builds upon those shared understandings that pull us together as Americans. Lucid in his vision of America&apos;s place in the world, refreshingly candid about his family life and his time in the Senate, Obama here sets out his political convictions and inspires us to trust in the dogged opti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55612026	With no savings and a job with a bunch of handsy lawyers, Dove’s small apartment in a shabby neighborhood is her only retreat. Despite her sister’s advice to move out and marry up, Dove plans to be single forever. If she did hook up with someone, it would be a man in her neighborhood who was of modest means and kind temperament, a man who wouldn’t abandon his poor pregnant
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5969	A Sparrow Falls, another gripping installment in Wilbur Smith&apos;s Courtney Family Adventure seriesMark Anders grew up on eight thousand acres of African land that bore his family name. Then he fought in Europe&apos;s Great War and, upon returning to his ancestral home, he saw savagery unlike any other….In Africa, Mark&apos;s family estate has been despoiled. His grandfather has died u
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7913305	1900 BC. In what modern Indians mistakenly call the Indus Valley Civilisation. The inhabitants of that period called it the land of Meluha a near perfect empire created many centuries earlier by Lord Ram, one of the greatest monarchs that ever lived. This once proud empire and its Suryavanshi rulers face severe perils as its primary river, the revered Saraswati, is slowly
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46037714	#1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER - A clear-eyed account of learning how to lead in a chaotic world, by General Jim Mattis--the former Secretary of Defense and one of the most formidable strategic thinkers of our time--and Bing West, a former assistant secretary of defense and combat Marine."A four-star general&apos;s five-star memoir."--The Wall Street JournalCall Sign Chaos is the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12204	"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I--I took the one less traveled by,And that has made all the difference."These deceptively simple lines from the title poem of this collection suggest Robert Frost at his most representative: the language is simple, clear and colloquial, yet dense with meaning and wider significance. Drawing upon everyday incidents, common situations and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2120932	Percy Jackson isn&apos;t expecting freshman orientation to be any fun. But when a mysterious mortal acquaintance appears at his potential new school, followed by demon cheerleaders, things quickly move from bad to worse.In this fourth installment of the blockbuster series, time is running out as war between the Olympians and the evil Titan lord Kronos draws near. Even the safe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27818467	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6642715	In this lyrical, exuberant follow-up to her 2007 novel, The Bastard of Istanbul, acclaimed Turkish author Elif Shafak unfolds two tantalizing parallel narratives—one contemporary and the other set in the thirteenth century, when Rumi encountered his spiritual mentor, the whirling dervish known as Shams of Tabriz—that together incarnate the poet&apos;s timeless message of love.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52529	In 2006, a groundbreaking feature-length film revealed the great mystery of the universe—The Secret—and, later that year, Rhonda Byrne followed with a book that became a worldwide bestseller.Fragments of a Great Secret have been found in the oral traditions, in literature, in religions, and philosophies throughout the centuries. For the first time, all the pieces of The Se
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5439	Librarian&apos;s note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereNavigating between the Indian traditions they&apos;ve inherited and the baffling new world, the characters in Jhumpa Lahiri&apos;s elegant, touching stories seek love beyond the barriers of culture and generations. In "A Temporary Matter," published in The New Yorker, a young Indian-American couple faces the heartbreak of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51777605	The award-winning author of Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self brings her signature voice and insight to the subjects of race, grief, apology, and American history.Danielle Evans is widely acclaimed for her blisteringly smart voice and x-ray insights into complex human relationships. With The Office of Historical Corrections, Evans zooms in on particular moments and r
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53071025	The workplace is a magnet for clutter and mess. Who hasn&apos;t felt drained by wasteful meetings, disorganized papers, endless emails, and unnecessary tasks? These are the modern-day hazards of working, and they can slowly drain the joy from work, limit our chances of career progress, and undermine our well-being. The authors offer stories, studies, and strategies to help you
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4934	The Brothers Karamazov is a murder mystery, a courtroom drama, and an exploration of erotic rivalry in a series of triangular love affairs involving the “wicked and sentimental” Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov and his three sons―the impulsive and sensual Dmitri; the coldly rational Ivan; and the healthy, red-cheeked young novice Alyosha. Through the gripping events of their sto
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1259249	THERE&apos;S MORE EXCITEMENT ON THIS CRUISE SHIP THAN NANCY BARGAINED FOR!  Nancy, Bess, and George are going on a cruise around the Great Lakes for a fantastic end-of-summer vacation! As soon as the girls set foot on the ship, though, they smell something fishy. Their new friend Amber is upset because her boyfriend, Craig, is neglecting her. After a little investigating on her
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/73968	Oliver Barrett IV, a wealthy jock from a stuffy WASP family on his way to a Harvard degree and a career in law . . . Jenny Cavilleri, a sharp-tongued, working-class beauty studying music at Radcliffe . . .Opposites in nearly every way, Oliver and Jenny are kindred spirits from vastly different worlds. Falling deeply and powerfully, their attraction to one another defies ev
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43619901	There are just some men you can’t send from the house at midnight with a live rat in a trap and expect them not to somehow get the police involved. Granted, it sounds like an exaggeration, but Silas was more panicked about leaving the house than even the rat. Neither wanted to go. One had a family, the other had social anxiety.  Before sunrise, one was going to be freed in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1371	Dating to the ninth century B.C., Homer’s timeless poem still vividly conveys the horror and heroism of men and gods wrestling with towering emotions and battling amidst devastation and destruction, as it moves inexorably to the wrenching, tragic conclusion of the Trojan War. Renowned classicist Bernard Knox observes in his superb introduction that although the violence of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/96358	For the first time the Joker&apos;s origin is revealed in this tale of insanity and human perseverance. Looking to prove that any man can be pushed past his breaking point and go mad, the Joker attempts to drive Commissioner Gordon insane. After shooting and permanently paralyzing his daughter Barbara (a.k.a. Batgirl), the Joker kidnaps the commissioner and attacks his mind in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50607466	Vivid and compelling in its portrait of one woman’s struggle for fulfillment in a society pivoting between the traditional and the modern, The Henna Artist opens a door into a world that is at once lush and fascinating, stark and cruel.Escaping from an abusive marriage, seventeen-year-old Lakshmi makes her way alone to the vibrant 1950s pink city of Jaipur. There she becom
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10664113	Alternate cover edition of ASIN B004XISI4AIn the aftermath of a colossal battle, the future of the Seven Kingdoms hangs in the balance—beset by newly emerging threats from every direction. In the east, Daenerys Targaryen, the last scion of House Targaryen, rules with her three dragons as queen of a city built on dust and death. But Daenerys has thousands of enemies, and ma
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52578297	Somewhere out beyond the edge of the universe there is a library that contains an infinite number of books, each one the story of another reality. One tells the story of your life as it is, along with another book for the other life you could have lived if you had made a different choice at any point in your life. While we all wonder how our lives might have been, what if
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1142973	While most astrology books focus on sun signs only, the most obvious things about us -- our personality and physical type -- are mostly determined by the zodiac sign on the eastern horizon at the precise moment of birth. This sign is referred to as our "rising sign". Whereas the sun sign represents the ego expression, the rising sign signifies physical type and personality
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22884916	An entertaining and moving novel about first loves, friendship, and dreams, The Shadow Thief tells the story of a boy who grows up with a special gift: He can steal other people&apos;s shadows - and the shadows confide secrets in him. These dark reflections come and go, revealing hidden insights into the person they belong to.  As the narrator grows older, he learns to use his
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30289	Presented in the form of a dialogue between Socrates and three different interlocutors, this classic text is an enquiry into the notion of a perfect community and the ideal individual within it. During the conversation, other questions are raised: what is goodness?; what is reality?; and what is knowledge? The Republic also addresses the purpose of education and the role o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/269322	A chilling, thrilling collection of Edgar Allan Poe&apos;s poetry, introduced by best-selling author Philip PullmanThe Raven . . . Annabel Lee . . . Ulalume . . . these are some of the spookiest, most macabre poems ever written, now collected in this chilling, affordable volume.DreamsThe LakeSonnet — To Science[Alone]IntroductionTo HelenIsrafelThe Valley of UnrestThe City in th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2545292	Craig Johnson had two best friends, two caring parents, a hot girlfriend, and a nice truck--not bad for a twenty-year-old. A decent life, until he began hearing voices in his bedroom late at night. Then a bright blue light manifests from within his closet. And he is drawn to it, mystified by its beauty. He walks through the light ... and into a world of darkness and emptin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22628	standing on the fringes of life...offers a unique perspective. But there comes a time to seewhat it looks like from the dance floor.This haunting novel about the dilemma of passivity vs. passion marks the stunning debut of a provocative new voice in contemporary fiction: The Perks of Being A WALLFLOWERThis is the story of what it&apos;s like to grow up in high school. More inti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41721428	For David Goggins, childhood was a nightmare - poverty, prejudice, and physical abuse colored his days and haunted his nights. But through self-discipline,  mental toughness,  and hard work, Goggins transformed himself from a depressed, overweight young man with no future into a U.S. Armed Forces icon and one of the world&apos;s top endurance athletes. The only man in history t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51792100	For readers of Tommy Orange, Yaa Gyasi, and Jhumpa Lahiri, an electrifying debut novel about three unforgettable characters who seek to rise—to the middle class, to political power, to fame in the movies—and find their lives entangled in the wake of a catastrophe in contemporary India.Jivan is a Muslim girl from the slums, determined to move up in life, who is accused of e
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/373969	New York Times bestselling author Steven Pinker possesses that rare combination of scientific aptitude and verbal eloquence that enables him to provide lucid explanations of deep and powerful ideas. His previous books, including the Pulitzer Prize finalist The Blank Slate, have catapulted him into the limelight as one of today&apos;s most important and popular science writers.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/338798	Loosely based on the Odyssey, this landmark of modern literature follows ordinary Dubliners in 1904. Capturing a single day in the life of Dubliner Leopold Bloom, his friends Buck Mulligan and Stephen Dedalus, his wife Molly, and a scintillating cast of supporting characters, Joyce pushes Celtic lyricism and vulgarity to splendid extremes. Captivating experimental techniqu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17487	There&apos;s a thief at Kirrin Cottage! The Famous Five think they know who it is, but they need to prove it! Where can they find evidence? The discovery of an old map and very unusual hiding place is all they need to get to the bottom of this mystery and uncover the true culprit!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1725523	In a distant future where sentient humanoid robots pass for human, someone or some thing is out to destroy the seven great robots of the world. Europol&apos;s top detective Gesicht is assigned to investigate these mysterious robot serial murders; the only catch is that he himself is one of the seven targets.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/265561	Rumi is now acknowledged as one of the great mystical poets of the Western world, with huge sales of the many collections of his poetry. Not much is known about his life except that he lived in thirteenth-century Anatolia (now Turkey), had a great spiritual friendship with a wild man called Shams, brought an adopted daughter into his family, and was distraught when Shams f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/325785	Capital, one of Marx&apos;s major and most influential works, was the product of thirty years close study of the capitalist mode of production in England, the most advanced industrial society of his day. This new translation of Volume One, the only volume to be completed and edited by Marx himself, avoids some of the mistakes that have marred earlier versions and seeks to do ju
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19288043	Marriage can be a real killer.On a warm summer morning in North Carthage, Missouri, it is Nick and Amy Dunne’s fifth wedding anniversary. Presents are being wrapped and reservations are being made when Nick’s clever and beautiful wife disappears from their rented McMansion on the Mississippi River. Husband-of-the-Year Nick isn’t doing himself any favors with cringe-worthy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2429135	Harriet Vanger, a scion of one of Sweden’s wealthiest families disappeared over forty years ago. All these years later, her aged uncle continues to seek the truth. He hires Mikael Blomkvist, a crusading journalist recently trapped by a libel conviction, to investigate. He is aided by the pierced and tattooed punk prodigy Lisbeth Salander. Together they tap into a vein of u
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39939417	In this moving story two teens fall in love with just one minor complication—they can’t get within five feet of each other without risking their lives.Can you love someone you can never touch?Stella Grant likes to be in control—even though her totally out of control lungs have sent her in and out of the hospital most of her life. At this point, what Stella needs to control
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9475	A magical fantasy that is fast-paced and easy-to-read. Charlie Bone has a special gift- he can hear people in photographs talking!The fabulous powers of the Red King were passed down through his descendants, after turning up quite unexpectedly, in someone who had no idea where they came from. This is what happened to Charlie Bone, and to some of the children he met behind
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25131230	What does it actually mean to be rational? Not Hollywood-style "rational," where you forsake all human feeling to embrace Cold Hard Logic. Real rationality, of the sort studied by psychologists, social scientists, and mathematicians. The kind of rationality where you make good decisions, even when it&apos;s hard; where you reason well, even in the face of massive uncertainty; w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7736182	JASON HAS A PROBLEM. He doesn’t remember anything before waking up in a bus full of kids on a field trip. Apparently he has a girlfriend named Piper, and his best friend is a guy named Leo. They’re all students at the Wilderness School, a boarding school for “bad kids," as Leo puts it. What did Jason do to end up here? And where is here, exactly? Jason doesn&apos;t know anythin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7624	At the dawn of the next world war, a plane crashes on an uncharted island, stranding a group of schoolboys. At first, with no adult supervision, their freedom is something to celebrate; this far from civilization the boys can do anything they want. Anything. They attempt to forge their own society, failing, however, in the face of terror, sin and evil. And as order collaps
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24280	Victor Hugo&apos;s tale of injustice, heroism and love follows the fortunes of Jean Valjean, an escaped convict determined to put his criminal past behind him. But his attempts to become a respected member of the community are constantly put under threat: by his own conscience, when, owing to a case of mistaken identity, another man is arrested in his place; and by the relentle
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/115030	One of the most famous novels of Tagore and a timeless classic of Bengali literature. First published as a serial, a novel on love, family and sexuality in Bengal society.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106131	Over 3.4 million Charlie Bone books in print!!!Charlie&apos;s power is taking on a new dimension as he meets a new cast of characters, including Mr. Pilgrim&apos;s replacement, Tantalus Ebony, and the mysterious new student Joshua Tilpin, who appears to be magnetic. But Charlie isn&apos;t the only one dealing with changes . . . Billy has been adopted by a child-hating couple called the O
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11230081	"Sometimes the greatest things are the most embarrassing." Ellen Degeneres&apos; winning, upbeat candor has made her show one of the most popular, resilient and honored daytime shows on the air. (To date, it has won no fewer than 31 Emmys.) Seriously... I&apos;m Kidding, Degeneres&apos; first book in eight years, brings us up to date about the life of a kindhearted woman who bowed out of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8520610	The book that started the Quiet RevolutionAt least one-third of the people we know are introverts. They are the ones who prefer listening to speaking; who innovate and create but dislike self-promotion; who favor working on their own over working in teams. It is to introverts—Rosa Parks, Chopin, Dr. Seuss, Steve Wozniak—that we owe many of the great contributions to societ
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32418	Years after his escape, posing as scholarly Dr. Fell, curator of a grand family&apos;s palazzo, Hannibal lives the good life in Florence, playing lovely tunes by serial killer/composer Henry VIII and killing hardly anyone himself. Clarice is unluckier: in the novel&apos;s action-film-like opening scene, she survives an FBI shootout gone wrong, and her nemesis, Paul Krendler, makes h
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/821611	When she was 19 months old, Helen Keller (1880–1968) suffered a severe illness that left her blind and deaf. Not long after, she also became mute. Her tenacious struggle to overcome these handicaps-with the help of her inspired teacher, Anne Sullivan-is one of the great stories of human courage and dedication. In this classic autobiography, first published in 1903, Miss Ke
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35668877	Arya continues to travel north to the Wall, and makes the acquaintance of a most unusual character – Jaqen H’ghar– but when the recruits for the Night’s Watch are stopped by the Gold Cloaks, a confrontation seems inevitable... Meanwhile, Catelyn Stark must come to terms with her son, Robb, is now also the King in the North – and that sometimes family and politics conflict.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40604197	Strangers living worlds apart.Strangers with nothing in common.But it wasn&apos;t always that way...Kerry Hayes is single mum, living on a tough south London estate. She provides for her son by cleaning houses she could never hope to afford. Taken into care as a child, Kerry cannot ever forget her past.Noah Martineau is a successful barrister with a beauti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/696994	In this all-new adventure, Nancy travels to California to investigate a series of break-ins at the home of her father&apos;s old friend Terry Kirkland. A Vietnam vet, he came away from that country with a trunk full of memories, but unbeknownst to him, the trunk contains an exotic secret that now threatens to destroy his family.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21343	In The Five Dysfunctions of a Team Patrick Lencioni once again offers a leadership fable that is as enthralling and instructive as his first two best-selling books, The Five Temptations of a CEO and The Four Obsessions of an Extraordinary Executive. This time, he turns his keen intellect and storytelling power to the fascinating, complex world of teams. Kathryn Petersen, D
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36394637	Arya continues to travel north with Yoren and the mysterious Jaqen H’ghar. Meanwhile, Theon returns to his home, the ancestral seat of the Greyjoys upon the isle of Pyke—and with him, he carries a message from Robb Stark, one that contains a proposal that could change the tide of the war...
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10766509	In the spring of 1984, high school students Amanda Collier and Dawson Cole fell deeply, irrevocably in love. But as the summer of their senior year came to a close, unforeseen events would tear the young couple apart, setting them on radically divergent paths.Now, twenty-five years later, Amanda and Dawson are summoned back to Oriental for the funeral of Tuck Hostetler, th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38483007	There is more to love than just loving . . .It is also a promiseLavanya Gogoi is from the scenic hills of Shillong while Rajveer Saini belongs to the shahi city of Patiala. Worlds apart from one another, the two land up next to each other on a flight from Mumbai to Chandigarh. It&apos;s love at first flight, at least for one of them. For the other . . . well, it&apos;s going to take
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6311264	Swami Chinmayananda&apos;s commentary on the seven hundred and one verses of the the Bhagavad Geeta.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21348	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30600	More commonly known as The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, Victor Hugo’s Romantic novel of dark passions and unrequited loveIn the vaulted Gothic towers of Notre-Dame Cathedral lives Quasimodo, the hunchbacked bellringer. Mocked and shunned for his appearance, he is pitied only by Esmerelda, a beautiful gypsy dancer to whom he becomes completely devoted. Esmerelda, however, has a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22382284	Show me a woman who doesn’t like to be dominated, and I’ll show you a fucking liar.It’s OK, you can admit it. I won’t tell. You want it rough and deep and dirty. You want to hear the steel in my voice when I tell you exactly how to please me. And you want to know, I won’t hesitate to punish you if you don’t follow my commands to the letter.Yeah, that’s right. I’ll punish y
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49398072	The gentrification of a Brooklyn neighborhood takes on a sinister new meaning…Sydney Green is Brooklyn born and raised, but her beloved neighborhood seems to change every time she blinks. Condos are sprouting like weeds, FOR SALE signs are popping up overnight, and the neighbors she’s known all her life are disappearing. To hold onto her community’s past and present, Sydne
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13302808	Bắt đầu câu chuyện là sự kiện một nữ sinh viên rơi từ trên lầu xuống mất mạng, một sinh mạng trẻ trung xinh đẹp đã chết một cách không rõ ràng khiến ai nấy đều đồng tình thương cảm và tràn đầy lòng hiếu kỳ. Hơn nữa sự kiện này năm nào cũng xảy ra ở tại một địa điểm phòng 405 khi nhà 13 ký túc xá sinh viện; cùng một thời gian- 0h ngày 16 tháng 6, sự kiện đã từng xảy ra liên
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51791252	The Vignes twin sisters will always be identical. But after growing up together in a small, southern black community and running away at age sixteen, it&apos;s not just the shape of their daily lives that is different as adults, it&apos;s everything: their families, their communities, their racial identities. Many years later, one sister lives with her black daughter in the same sou
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31799	A lively and still one of the best introductions to philosophy, this book pays off both a closer reading for students and specialists, and a casual reading for the general public.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11870085	Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a gorgeous plot twist named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel&apos;s story is about to be completely rewritten.Insightful, bold, irreverent, and raw, The Fault in Our Stars
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6763725	After 1989, capitalism has successfully presented itself as the only realistic political-economic system - a situation that the bank crisis of 2008, far from ending, actually compounded. The book analyses the development and principal features of this capitalist realism as a lived ideological framework. Using examples from politics, films, fiction, work and education, it a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40389527	Anna Fox lives alone, a recluse in her New York City home, unable to venture outside. She spends her day drinking wine (maybe too much), watching old movies, recalling happier times . . . and spying on her neighbors.Then the Russells move into the house across the way: a father, a mother and their teenage son. The perfect family. But when Anna, gazing out her window one ni
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29036	At the height of WWI, history’s most lethal influenza virus erupted in an army camp in Kansas, moved east with American troops, then exploded, killing as many as 100 million people worldwide. It killed more people in twenty-four months than AIDS killed in twenty-four years, more in a year than the Black Death killed in a century. But this was not the Middle Ages, and 1918
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/328023	Narcissus is a teacher at Mariabronn, a monastery in medieval Germany, and Goldmund his favourite pupil. While Narcissus remains detached from the world in prayer and meditation, Goldmund runs away from the monstery in pursuit of love. Thereafter he lives a picaresque wanderer&apos;s life, his amatory adventures resulting in pain as well as ecstasy. His eventual reunion with Na
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/500400	De jóvenes, Florentino Ariza y Fermina Daza se enamoran apasionadamente, pero Fermina eventualmente decide casarse con un médico rico y de muy buena familia. Florentino está anonadado, pero es un romántico. Su carrera en los negocios florece, y aunque sostiene 622 pequeños romances, su corazón todavía pertenece a Fermina. Cuando al fin el esposo de ella muere, Florentino a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1934	Generations of readers young and old, male and female, have fallen in love with the March sisters of Louisa May Alcott’s most popular and enduring novel, Little Women. Here are talented tomboy and author-to-be Jo, tragically frail Beth, beautiful Meg, and romantic, spoiled Amy, united in their devotion to each other and their struggles to survive in New England during the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/943198	Mischievous, lazy, and full of tricks, the puppet Pinocchio causes trouble for his creator, Geppetto, almost as soon as he comes to life. Yet, more than anything, this naughty and playful creature wants to become a real boy. To make his dreams come true, he must prove himself worthy. Come along on Pinocchio’s amazing journey as he learns—the hard way—what it means to be ho
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6324090	After a tumble down the rabbit hole, Alice finds herself far away from home in the absurd world of Wonderland. As mind-bending as it is delightful, Lewis Carroll’s 1865 novel is pure magic for young and old alike.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5359	In a weedy clearing on the outskirts of Memphis, two boys watch a shiny Lincoln pull up to the curb...Eleven-year-old Mark Sway and his younger brother were sharing a forbidden cigarette when a chance encounter with a suicidal lawyer left Mark knowing a bloody and explosive secret: the whereabouts of the most sought-after dead body in America. Now Mark is caught between a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5358	Adaptation for younger readers.Mitch McDeere, a Harvard Law graduate, becomes suspicious of his Memphis tax firm when mysterious deaths, obsessive office security, and the Chicago mob figure into its operations.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/58696	David Copperfield is the story of a young man&apos;s adventures on his journey from an unhappy and impoverished childhood to the discovery of his vocation as a successful novelist. Among the gloriously vivid cast of characters he encounters are his tyrannical stepfather, Mr Murdstone; his brilliant, but ultimately unworthy school-friend James Steerforth; his formidable aunt, Be
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10799	A Farewell to Arms is the unforgettable story of an American ambulance driver on the Italian front and his passion for a beautiful English nurse. Set against the looming horrors of the battlefield - the weary, demoralized men marching in the rain during the German attack on Caporetto; the profound struggle between loyalty and desertion—this gripping, semiautobiographical w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5	For twelve long years, the dread fortress of Azkaban held an infamous prisoner named Sirius Black. Convicted of killing thirteen people with a single curse, he was said to be the heir apparent to the Dark Lord, Voldemort.Now he has escaped, leaving only two clues as to where he might be headed: Harry Potter&apos;s defeat of You-Know-Who was Black&apos;s downfall as well. And the Azk
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23164946	From the author of the New York Times #1 bestseller The Untethered Soul comes this thought-provoking, inspirational memoir on the magic that happens when you just let goSpirituality is meant to bring about harmony and peace. But the diversity of our philosophies, beliefs, concepts, and views about the soul often leads to confusion. To reconcile the noise that clouds spirit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38331313	Librarian Note: This is the latest edition with updated cover from  ISBN 1684031346 (ISBN13: 9781684031344)  Heartfulness is an ideal, a spiritual way of living by and from the heart that is inclusive of all ideologies, beliefs, and religions. In this heart-centered book, a student in conversation with his teacher, Kamlesh D. Patel—affectionately known as Daaji, the fo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50496817	In the first book of this full-color fantasy graphic novel series filled with humor and hijinks, the fate of the land of Nothing hinges on Nathan and an unlikely team of magical beings to save the day—perfect for fans of Amulet and Estranged.Welcome to Nothing! Despite its name, this is a fantastic land where humans and magical volken coexist peacefully—at least they try .
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37976541	The full inside story of the breathtaking rise and shocking collapse of a multibillion-dollar startup, by the prize-winning journalist who first broke the story and pursued it to the end in the face of pressure and threats from the CEO and her lawyers.In 2014, Theranos founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes was widely seen as the female Steve Jobs: a brilliant Stanford dropout w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13560586	Some of the greatest talents in fantastic art invite you to explore the lands of Westeros and beyond as never before. From the frozen wilderness beyond the Wall to sun-kissed Dorne, and from the rugged and brutal Iron Islands to the exotic East, the breathtaking sights and memorable characters of George R. R. Martin&apos;s best-selling fantasy series are brought to life in this
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45046567	A magical island. A dangerous task. A burning secret.Linus Baker leads a quiet, solitary life. At forty, he lives in a tiny house with a devious cat and his old records. As a Case Worker at the Department in Charge Of Magical Youth, he spends his days overseeing the well-being of children in government-sanctioned orphanages.When Linus is unexpectedly summoned by Extremely
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/580409	Some people really can make you sick! Is there anyone in your life-a relative, boss, friend, even a lover or spouse-who drives you crazy? Are there people who make you feel inadequate, unworthy, or just plain miserable? If there&apos;s someone who is not supportive and does not wish you well, then you&apos;ve got a "toxic" person in your life. Do you recognize any of these toxic ter
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50892265	A New York Times Book Review Editors&apos; Choice A revelatory biography of literary icon Henry Adams—one of America’s most prominent writers and intellectuals of his era, who witnessed and contributed to the United States’ dramatic transition from a colonial society to a modern nation.Henry Adams is perhaps the most eclectic, accomplished, and important American wr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55532936	We often pretend to be happy and put on a brave face for the world despite carrying the pain of enduring a personal struggle or adversity.When we are alone, that is when we fall into despair — for failing to overcome the struggles that we carry silently in our hearts. Are we considered strong if we do not fall when life pushes us to the ground? Do our faith and belief tell
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23301981	‘It can’t be love . . .’ he thinks and immediately his heart protests. They are complete opposites!She’s a small town girl who takes admission in Delhi University (DU). An idealist, studies are her first priority.He’s a Delhi guy, seriously into youth politics in the DU. He fights to make his way. Student union elections are his first priority.But then opposites attract as
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41256926	A missing young woman, ten years gone. A town still held in the grip of an unsolved mystery. A breathtaking novel of psychological suspense by the bestselling author of We Were Mothers.A decade ago in upstate New York, art student Emma McCullough walked into the woods and was never seen again. It’s a mystery that still haunts her bucolic university town and her broken fami
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1162543	"Don&apos;t be afraid," I murmured. "We belong together."I was abruptly overwhelmed by the truth of my own words. This moment was so perfect, so right, there was no way to doubt it.His arms wrapped around me,holding me against him....It felt like every nerve ending in my body was a live wire."Forever," he agreed.WHEN YOU LOVED THE ONE WHO WAS KILLING YOU, IT LEFT YOU NO OPTIONS
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30268522	From the author of the beloved New York Times bestselling book Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? and the creator and star of The Mindy Project comes a collection of essays that are as hilarious and insightful as they are deeply personal.  In Why Not Me?,  Kaling shares her ongoing journey to find contentment and excitement in her adult life, whether
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11454587	Hailed as “impossible to put down,” the Hex Hall series has both critics and teens cheering. With a winning combination of romance, action, magic and humor, this third volume will leave readers enchanted.Just as Sophie Mercer has come to accept her extraordinary magical powers as a demon, the Prodigium Council strips them away. Now Sophie is defenseless, alone, and at the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32191710	What is the nature of space and time? How do we fit within the universe? How does the universe fit within us? There’s no better guide through these mind-expanding questions than acclaimed astrophysicist and best-selling author Neil deGrasse Tyson.But today, few of us have time to contemplate the cosmos. So Tyson brings the universe down to Earth succinctly and clearly, wit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1	The war against Voldemort is not going well; even Muggle governments are noticing. Ron scans the obituary pages of the Daily Prophet, looking for familiar names. Dumbledore is absent from Hogwarts for long stretches of time, and the Order of the Phoenix has already suffered losses.And yet . . .As in all wars, life goes on. The Weasley twins expand their business. Sixth-yea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/176447	Dim the lights. Lock the doors. Pull down the shades—and BEWARE! It&apos;s time to read the favorite scary stories of R.L. Stine, bestselling children’s author and master of the spooky tale.R.L. Stine has gathered a selection of all things scary, and even added two new tales of his own! Short stories, fables old and new, comics, and poems. It′s a spine-tingling collection of wo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1852	First published in 1903, The Call of the Wild is regarded as Jack London&apos;s masterpiece. Based on London&apos;s experiences as a gold prospector in the Canadian wilderness and his ideas about nature and the struggle for existence, The Call of the Wild is a tale about unbreakable spirit and the fight for survival in the frozen Alaskan Klondike.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55883354	When London is released from juvenile hall, a tall, raspy-voiced stranger greets her outside, intending to bring her home. Police captain Brody claims to be her mother’s new husband...and though London has never met the man, she’s released into his custody. The hardened officer is determined to set London on the right path in her mother’s absence. While London rebels at fi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51073835	Ten years ago, Liyana Dhamirah was in a precarious situation: at 22, she was heavily pregnant and had no place to call home.For Liyana, home was often unstable. Once a bright teenager full of optimism, she faced uncertainty and found no support from family, government agencies and welfare groups. She had nowhere to go, no one to turn to. When she started living on a beach
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/74256	La maîtresse est inquiète, le photographe s&apos;éponge le front, le Bouillon devient tout rouge, les mamans ont mauvaise mine, les papas font les guignols, le directeur part à la retraite, quant à l&apos;inspecteur, il est reparti aussi vite qu&apos;il était venu. Pourtant, à l&apos;école ou en famille, Geoffroy, Agnan, Eudes, Rufus, Clotaire, Maixent, Alceste, Joachim... et le Petit Nicolas
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9471031	A cardboard box is found on a shelf of a London library where a copy of Mahabharata should have been. When the mystified librarian opens it, she screams before she falls unconscious to the floor. An elite group calling itself the Lashkar-e-Talatashar has scattered around the globe, the fate of its members curiously resembling that of Christ and his Apostles. Their agenda i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/71728	This is a story for people who follow their hearts and make their own rules...people who get special pleasure out of doing something well, even if only for themselves...people who know there&apos;s more to this living than meets the eye: they’ll be right there with Jonathan, flying higher and faster than ever they dreamed.Jonathan Livingston Seagull is no ordinary bird. He beli
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/764314	Animal adventures! An exciting retelling of Hugh Lofting&apos;s beloved tale for beginning chapter book readers.Doctor Dolittle doesn&apos;t understand people, but he can talk to animals. His very best friends include a duck, a dog, a pig, and a parrot, and he has more pets than his house will fit! Doctor Dolittle would do anything for his animal friends. But when the monkeys get si
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11084145	Walter Isaacson&apos;s "enthralling" (The New Yorker) worldwide bestselling biography of Apple cofounder Steve Jobs. Based on more than forty interviews with Steve Jobs conducted over two years--as well as interviews with more than 100 family members, friends, adversaries, competitors, and colleagues--Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/785092	Secrets of the Millionaire Mind reveals the missing link between wanting success and achieving it!Have you ever wondered why some people seem to get rich easily, while others are destined for a life of financial struggle? Is the difference found in their education, intelligence, skills, timing, work habits, contacts, luck, or their choice of jobs, businesses, or investment
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6319	Captured by a giant! The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It&apos;s lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, the Fleshlumpeater, the Bonecruncher, or any of the other giants-rather than the BFG-she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that they are flush-bunking of
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6411961	WHAT IS LOST...WILL BE FOUNDIn this stunning follow-up to the global phenomenon The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown demonstrates once again why he is the world&apos;s most popular thriller writer. The Lost Symbol is a masterstroke of storytelling - a deadly race through a real-world labyrinth of codes, secrets, and unseen truths...all under the watchful eye of Brown&apos;s most terrifying
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6310	Charlie Bucket&apos;s wonderful adventure begins when he finds one of Mr. Willy Wonka&apos;s precious Golden Tickets and wins a whole day inside the mysterious chocolate factory. Little does he know the surprises that are in store for him!(back cover)
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49099937	Shortlisted for the 2020 Financial Times & McKinsey Business Book of the Year Netflix cofounder Reed Hastings reveals for the first time the unorthodox culture behind one of the world&apos;s most innovative, imaginative, and successful companiesThere has never before been a company like Netflix. It has led nothing short of a revolution in the entertainment industries, gener
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51789	First published in 1985. Routledge is an imprint of Taylor & Francis, an informa company.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40102	Drawing on cutting-edge neuroscience and psychology and displaying all of the brilliance that made The Tipping Point a classic, Blink changes the way you&apos;ll understand every decision you make. Never again will you think about thinking the same way.Malcolm Gladwell redefined how we understand the world around us. Now, in Blink, he revolutionizes the way we understand the wo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/328802	This engaging series of childhood recollections tells about an ideal school in Tokyo during World War II that combined learning with fun, freedom, and love. This unusual school had old railroad cars for classrooms, and it was run by an extraordinary man--its founder and headmaster, Sosaku Kobayashi--who was a firm believer in freedom of expression and activity.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48595550	What does it mean for a family to lose a child they never really knew?One afternoon, in a town in southeastern Nigeria, a mother opens her front door to discover her son’s body, wrapped in colorful fabric, at her feet. What follows is the tumultuous, heart-wrenching story of one family’s struggle to understand a child whose spirit is both gentle and mysterious. Raised by a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19351	Miraculously preserved on clay tablets dating back as much as four thousand years, the poem of Gilgamesh, king of Uruk, is the world’s oldest epic, predating Homer by many centuries. The story tells of Gilgamesh’s adventures with the wild man Enkidu, and of his arduous journey to the ends of the earth in quest of the Babylonian Noah and the secret of immortality. Alongside
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/319473	From one of the world&apos;s most distinguished historians, a magisterial new reckoning with Hitler&apos;s rise to power and the collapse of civilization in Nazi Germany.In 1900 Germany was the most progressive and dynamic nation in Europe, the only country whose rapid technological and social growth and change challenged that of the United States. Its political culture was less aut
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38820046	In Sapiens, he explored our past. In Homo Deus, he looked to our future. Now, one of the most innovative thinkers on the planet turns to the present to make sense of today&apos;s most pressing issues.How do computers and robots change the meaning of being human? How do we deal with the epidemic of fake news? Are nations and religions still relevant? What should we teach our chi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/147915	The Starks are scattered.Robb Stark may be King in the North, but he must bend to the will of the old tyrant Walder Frey if he is to hold his crown. And while his youngest sister, Arya, has escaped the clutches of the depraved Cersei Lannister and her son, the capricious boy-king Joffrey, Sansa Stark remains their captive.Meanwhile, across the ocean, Daenerys Stormborn, th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18710190	The faction-based society that Tris Prior once believed in is shattered - fractured by violence and power struggles and scarred by loss and betrayal. So when offered a chance to explore the world past the limits she&apos;s known, Tris is ready. Perhaps beyond the fence, she and Tobias will find a simple new life together, free from complicated lies, tangled loyalties, and painf
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28789711	In SPQR, an instant classic, Mary Beard narrates the history of Rome "with passion and without technical jargon" and demonstrates how "a slightly shabby Iron Age village" rose to become the "undisputed hegemon of the Mediterranean" (Wall Street Journal). Hailed by critics as animating "the grand sweep and the intimate details that bring the distant past vividly to life" (E
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68984	The Power of Your Subconscious Mind has been a bestseller since its first publication in 1963, selling many millions of copies since its original publication. It is one of the most brilliant and beloved spiritual self-help works of all time which can help you heal yourself, banish your fears, sleep better, enjoy better relationships and just feel happier. The techniques ar
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41014339	From the National Magazine Award-winning Runner’s World columnist, frequent New Yorker online contributor, and Cambridge-trained physicist: a fascinating and definitive exploration of the extraordinary science of human endurance and the secrets of human performance, for fans of The Sports Gene, Born to Run, and Grit.From running a two-hour marathon to summiting Mount Evere
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38664775	A short, powerful, illustrated book written by Khaled Hosseini in response to the current refugee crisis, Sea Prayer is composed in the form of a letter, from a father to his son, on the eve of their journey. Watching over his sleeping son, the father reflects on the dangerous sea-crossing that lies before them. It is also a vivid portrait of their life in Homs, Syria, bef
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4556058	All year the half-bloods have been preparing for battle against the Titans, knowing the odds of victory are grim. Kronos&apos;s army is stronger than ever, and with every god and half-blood he recruits, the evil Titan&apos;s power only grows.While the Olympians struggle to contain the rampaging monster Typhon, Kronos begins his advance on New York City, where Mount Olympus stands vi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50833559	What was it like? Living in that house.Maggie Holt is used to such questions. Twenty-five years ago, she and her parents, Ewan and Jess, moved into Baneberry Hall, a rambling Victorian estate in the Vermont woods. They spent three weeks there before fleeing in the dead of night, an ordeal Ewan later recounted in a nonfiction book called House of Horrors. His tale of ghostl
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49435262	Join Bestselling Author Michael A. Singer to Discover the True Role of the MindWhy is it that even amidst exquisite beauty and happy circumstances we can still find reasons to be miserable? According to Michael Singer, the true culprit is something nearly everyone struggles with: the constant monologue in our heads.In The Untethered Soul Lecture Series, Volume 2: Freedom f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21062877	This guide has been specifically written for AS and A2 students and is filled with in-depth analysis on contexts, character, key themes and critical perspectives.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/304079	This revised and expanded edition of The Essential Rumi includes a new introduction by Coleman Barks and more than 80 never-before-published poems.Through his lyrical translations, Coleman Barks has been instrumental in bringing this exquisite literature to a remarkably wide range of readers, making the ecstatic, spiritual poetry of thirteenth-century Sufi Mystic Rumi more
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48570454	Yaa Gyasi&apos;s stunning follow-up to her acclaimed national best seller Homegoing is a powerful, raw, intimate, deeply layered novel about a Ghanaian family in Alabama.Gifty is a fifth-year candidate in neuroscience at Stanford School of Medicine studying reward-seeking behavior in mice and the neural circuits of depression and addiction. Her brother, Nana, was a gifted high
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5526	An angry rebel, John dropped out of school and enlisted in the Army, not knowing what else to do with his life--until he meets the girl of his dreams, Savannah. Their mutual attraction quickly grows into the kind of love that leaves Savannah waiting for John to finish his tour of duty, and John wanting to settle down with the woman who has captured his heart. But 9/11 chan
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7015403	New York Times best-selling author and professor Brené Brown offers a powerful and inspiring book that explores how to cultivate the courage, compassion, and connection to embrace your imperfections and to recognize that you are enough.Each day we face a barrage of images and messages from society and the media telling us who, what, and how we should be. We are led to beli
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44442886	Avoid terrible advice, cognitive biases, and poor decisions. Want to avoid business disasters, whether minor mishaps, such as excessive team conflict, or major calamities like those that threaten bankruptcy or doom a promising career? Fortunately, behavioral economics studies show that such disasters stem from poor decisions due to our faulty mental patterns—what scholars
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/146104	Después de dos años de ausencia en los que ha viajado a Perú y Bolivia, la expedición etnográfica Sanders-Hardmuth regresa a Europa habiendo descubierto varias tumbas incas. Se han traído la momia del inca Rascar Capac, también llamado «el que desencadena fuego del cielo», que llevaba puestas valiosas joyas de oro macizo.Al cabo de poco tiempo, todos los participantes de l
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38447	Offred is a Handmaid in the Republic of Gilead. She may leave the home of the Commander and his wife once a day to walk to food markets whose signs are now pictures instead of words because women are no longer allowed to read. She must lie on her back once a month and pray that the Commander makes her pregnant, because in an age of declining births, Offred and the other Ha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/74776	THE SOUND OF THUNDER continues the Courtney saga where WHEN THE LION FEEDS left off. Sean Courtney is off to fight the burghers in the Boer War -- first in harrowing missions on the front lines for the British Guides, then as the leader of commandos designed to fight the Boers on their own terms -- guerilla combat in the field. The peace that follows find Sean with hopes o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11691	One of multiple covers for ISBN 9780375706868.A spellbinding tale of disparate yearnings – for love, art, power, and God – set in a remote Turkish town, where stirrings of political Islamism threaten to unravel the secular order; by the winner of the 2006 Nobel Prize for Literature.From the acclaimed author of My Name Is Red comes a spellbinding tale of disparate yearnings
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43124137	The unforgettable love story of a mother blinded by loss and her husband who insists on their survival as they undertake the Syrian refugee trail to Europe.Nuri is a beekeeper; his wife, Afra, an artist. They live a simple life, rich in family and friends, in the beautiful Syrian city of Aleppo--until the unthinkable happens. When all they care for is destroyed by war, the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/80447	The works of Friedrich Nietzsche have fascinated readers around the world ever since the publication of his first book more than a hundred years ago. As Walter Kaufmann, one of the world&apos;s leading authorities on Nietzsche, notes in his introduction, "Few writers in any age were so full of ideas," and few writers have been so consistently misinterpreted. The Portable Nietzs
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11127	Journeys to the end of the world, fantastic creatures, and epic battles between good and evil—what more could any reader ask for in one book? The book that has it all is The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, written in 1949 by Clive Staples Lewis. But Lewis did not stop there. Six more books followed, and together they became known as The Chronicles of Narnia.For the past
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11125	When the National Security Agency&apos;s invincible code-breaking machine encounters a mysterious code it cannot break, the agency calls its head cryptographer, Susan Fletcher, a brilliant and beautiful mathematician. What she uncovers sends shock waves through the corridors of power. The NSA is being held hostage... not by guns or bombs, but by a code so ingeniously complex th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23911903	A maneater in the jungles of the Terai. An ancient riddle. The lure of hidden treasure ... Visiting the famous hunter and wildlife writer Mahitosh Sinha-Roy in his Jalpaiguri palace, Feluda is presented with a riddle that holds the clue to ancestral treasure. But before he can begin unravelling the puzzle, Mr Sinha-Roy&apos;s secretary is found dead in the forest, his body sava
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18514068	SITA : AN ILLUSTRATED RETELLING OF THE RAMAYANAIt is significant that the only character in Hindu mythology, a king at that, to be given the title of ekam-patni-vrata, devoted to a single wife, is associated with the most unjust act of abandoning her in the forest to protect family reputation. This seems a deliberate souring of an uplifting narrative. Rams refusal to remar
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/254520	The spiritual life in Islam begins with riyadat al-nafs, the inner warfare against the ego. Distracted and polluted by worldliness, the lower self has a tendency to drag the human creature down into arrogance and vice. Only by a powerful effort of will can the sincere worshipper achieve the purity of soul which enables him to attain God&apos;s proximity.This translation of two
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/87424	In his debut adventure, Tintin is pursued by Bolshevik agents trying to prevent him from exposing the new Soviet regime. Punctuated by slapstick and political revelations, this story is based on the writings of an anticommunist Belgian ex-consul to the Ukraine. Herge&apos;s early style revealed strong graphics, influenced by photo-reporting from the period, marking the historic
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9712	In their youth, Florentino Ariza and Fermina Daza fall passionately in love. When Fermina eventually chooses to marry a wealthy, well-born doctor, Florentino is heartbroken, but he is a romantic. As he rises in his business career he whiles away the years in 622 affairs—yet he reserves his heart for Fermina. Her husband dies at last, and Florentino purposefully attends the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6282753	“It was the happiest moment of my life, though I didn’t know it.” So begins the new novel, his first since winning the Nobel Prize, from the universally acclaimed author of Snow and My Name Is Red. It is 1975, a perfect spring in Istanbul. Kemal, scion of one of the city’s wealthiest families, is about to become engaged to Sibel, daughter of another prominent family, when
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6466909	Explore the making of the film New Moon in this ultimate visual companion, lavishly illustrated with full-color photos of the cast, locations, and sets. This beautiful paperback edition celebrates the onscreen creation of Stephenie Meyer&apos;s fascinating world, brought to life by Academy Award(R)-nominated director Chris Weitz.  With never-before-seen images, exclusive interv
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3590	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is the series of short stories that made the fortunes of the Strand magazine, in which they were first published, and won immense popularity for Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson. The detective is at the height of his powers and the volume is full of famous cases, including &apos;The Red-Headed League&apos;, &apos;The Blue Carbuncle&apos;, and &apos;The Speckled Band&apos;
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52079141	This is the road map to a seven-figure business . . . in one year or lessThe word “entrepreneur” is today’s favorite buzzword, and any aspiring business owner has likely encountered an overwhelming number of so-called “easy paths to success.” The truth is that building a real, profitable, sustainable business requires thousands of hours of commitment, grit, and hard wo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53820934	The party should have been perfect: six couples from the same baby group, six newborns, a luxurious house. But not everything has gone to plan, and while some are here to celebrate, others have sorrows to drown. When someone falls from the balcony of the house, the secrets and conflicts within the group begin to spill out.DS Alison Hegarty, herself struggling with infertil
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43255	In August 1984, Michigan housewife Betty Mahmoody accompanied her husband to his native Iran for a two-week vacation that turned into a permanent stay. To her horror, she found herself and her four-year-old daughter, Mahtob, virtual prisoners of a man rededicated to his Shiite Moslem faith, in a land where women are near-slaves and Americans despised. Their only hope for e
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/135564	HAVE YOU LOVED -- AND LOST -- SOMEONE ACROSS TIME?In Brian Weiss&apos;s bestseller Many Lives, Many Masters, nearly one and a half million readers met Catherine. In a hypnotic trance, Dr. Weiss&apos;s young patient summoned memories of many past lifetimes, demonstrated an astonishing ability to transmit transcendental messages, and turned the life of a respectable psychiatrist upsid
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/929	A literary sensation and runaway bestseller, this brilliant debut novel presents with seamless authenticity and exquisite lyricism the true confessions of one of Japan&apos;s most celebrated geisha.In Memoirs of a Geisha, we enter a world where appearances are paramount; where a girl&apos;s virginity is auctioned to the highest bidder; where women are trained to beguile the most pow
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12359912	ময়ূরাক্ষী নদীকে একবারই আমি স্বপ্নে দেখি। নদীটা আমার মনের ভেতর পুরোপুরি গাঁথা হয়ে যায়। অবাক হয়ে লক্ষ করি কোথাও বসে একটু চেষ্টা করলেই নদীটা আমি দেখতে পাই। তারজন্যে আমাকে কোনো কষ্ট করতে হয় না। চোখ বন্ধ করতে হয় না, কিছু না। একবার নদীটা বের করে আনতে পারলে সময় কাটানো কোনো সমস্যা নয়। ঘন্টার পর ঘন্টা আমি নদীর তীরে হাঁটি। নদীর হিম শীতল জলে পা ডুবিয়ে বসি। শরীর জুড়িয়ে যায়
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53677558	She told him to make himself at home. He did.Life has been good to Ellie – she owns a successful art gallery, is deeply in love with her husband, Seth, and has two beautiful children, Brandon and Simone. But not everything is perfect… Lately, Seth seems to have something on his mind and has become cold and distant. And things don’t improve when he invites the mysterious st
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53152527	Is it ever too late to change…After a health scare, 77 year-old spinster Barbara goes to convalesce in the sleepy Somerset village of Winsleigh Green with her sister Pauline, who is now a widow. The sisters are like chalk and cheese - Barbara, outspoken and aloof and Pauline, good natured and homely – so it’s not long before the tension starts to rise. But when Pauli
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33407803	The first definitive natural history of the Indian subcontinent.Did you know that the exquisite caves of Ellora were hewn from rock formed in the greatest lava floods the world has known—eruptions so enormous that they may well have obliterated dinosaurs? Or that Bengaluru owes its unique climate to a tectonic event that took place 88 million years ago? That the Ganga and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52041421	A contemporary guide to life, love, and happiness inspired by the extraordinary artist Frida Kahlo.Revered as much for her fierce spirit as she is for her art, Frida Kahlo stands today as a brazen symbol of daring creativity. She was a woman ahead of her time whose paintings have earned her generations of admirers around the globe. But perhaps her greatest work of art
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52944853	"No...I am your father." In the wake of the events following The Empire Strikes Back, it is a dark time for the heroes of the Rebellion. The Rebel fl eet...scattered following a disastrous defeat at the Battle of Hoth. Han Solo...lost to the bounty hunter Boba Fett after being frozen in carbonite. And after being lured into a trap on Cloud City and bested in a vicious ligh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3023	Basic Economics is a citizen&apos;s guide to economics-for those who want to understand how the economy works but have no interest in jargon or equations. Sowell reveals the general principles behind any kind of economy-capitalist, socialist, feudal, and so on. In readable language, he shows how to critique economic policies in terms of the incentives they create, rather than t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13179331	In this delightful, acclaimed best seller, one of the world’s leading cognitive scientists tackles the workings of the human mind. What makes us rational—and why are we so often irrational? How do we see in three dimensions? What makes us happy, afraid, angry, disgusted, or sexually aroused? Why do we fall in love? And how do we grapple with the imponderables of morality,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23129659	If you grew up with an emotionally immature, unavailable, or selfish parent, you may have lingering feelings of anger, loneliness, betrayal, or abandonment. You may recall your childhood as a time when your emotional needs were not met, when your feelings were dismissed, or when you took on adult levels of responsibility in an effort to compensate for your parent’s behavio
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9542311	The best-selling author of Stiff and Bonk explores the irresistibly strange universe of space travel and life without gravity. From the Space Shuttle training toilet to a crash test of NASA’s new space capsule, Mary Roach takes us on the surreally entertaining trip into the science of life in space and space on Earth.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39999	If you start to read this book, you will go on a journey with a nine-year-old boy named Bruno. (Though this isn&apos;t a book for nine-year-olds.) And sooner or later you will arrive with Bruno at a fence.Fences like this exist all over the world. We hope you never have to encounter one.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106835	More than one million hardcovers soldNow available for the first time in paperback!The Classic Text Annotated to Update Graham&apos;s Timeless Wisdom for Today&apos;s Market ConditionsThe greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham&apos;s philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial erro
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3562	Emily Starr never knew what it was to be lonely--until her beloved father died. Now Emily&apos;s an orphan, and her mother&apos;s snobbish relatives are taking her to live with them at New Moon Farm. She&apos;s sure she won&apos;t be happy. Emily deals with stiff, stern Aunt Elizabeth and her malicious classmates by holding her head high and using her quick wit. Things begin to change when sh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22463	Darwin&apos;s theory of natural selection issued a profound challenge to orthodox thought and belief: no being or species has been specifically created; all are locked into a pitiless struggle for existence, with extinction looming for those not fitted for the task. Yet The Origin of Species (1859) is also a humane and inspirational vision of ecological interrelatedness, reveal
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/241668	The first comprehensive survey of Islamic philosophy from the seventh century to the present, this classic discusses Islamic thought and its effect on the cultural aspects of Muslim life. Fakhry shows how Islamic philosophy has followed from the earliest times a distinctive line of development, which gives it the unity and continuity that are the marks of the great intelle
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/838729	In the third volume of The Lord of the Rings trilogy the good and evil forces join battle, and we see that the triumph of good is not absolute. The Third Age of Middle-earth ends, and the age of the dominion of Men begins.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32283133	Robert Langdon, Harvard professor of symbology and religious iconology, arrives at the ultramodern Guggenheim Museum Bilbao to attend a major announcement—the unveiling of a discovery that “will change the face of science forever.” The evening’s host is Edmond Kirsch, a forty-year-old billionaire and futurist whose dazzling high-tech inventions and audacious predictions ha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3922661	ржлрзНрж▓рзНржпрж╛ржкрзЗ рж▓рж┐ржЦрж╛ ржХржерж╛ржГржЖржорж╛рж░ ржирждрзБржи ржЕржмрж╕рзНржерж╛ржи ржмрж░рзНржгржирж╛ ржХрж░рж┐ред ржЖржорж┐ рж╣рж╛рждрж▓ржмрж┐рж╣рзАржи ржХрж╛ржарзЗрж░ ржЪрзЗржпрж╝рж╛рж░рзЗ ржмрж╕рзЗ ржЖржЫрж┐ред ржиржбрж╝рж╛ржЪржбрж╝рж╛ ржХрж░рждрзЗ ржкрж╛рж░ржЫрж┐ ржирж╛ред ржЖржорж╛рж░ рж╣рж╛ржд ржкрзЗржЫржирзЗрж░ ржжрж┐ржХрзЗ ржмрж╛ржБржзрж╛редржмржЬрзНрж░ ржЖржБржЯрзБржирж┐ред ржлрж╕рзНржХрж╛ ржЧрж┐рж░рзЛрж░ ржХрзЛржирзЛ ржХрж╛рж░ржмрж╛рж░ржЗ ржирзЗржЗред ржЯржиржЯржи ржмрзНржпрж╛ржерж╛ рж╢рзБрж░рзБ рж╣ржпрж╝рзЗржЫрзЗред ржЖржорж░ рж╕рж╛ржоржирзЗ ржм рж╕рзЗржХрзНрж░рзЗржЯрж╛рж░рж┐ржпрж╝рзЗржЯ ржЯрзЗржмрж┐рж▓рзЗрж░ ржорждрзЛ ржЯрзЗржмрж┐рж▓ред ржЯрзЗржмрж┐рж▓рзЗрж░ ржУржкрж╛рж╢рзЗ рждрж┐ржи ржЬржи ржмрж╕рзЗ ржЖржЫрзЗржиред ржорж╛ржЭржЦрж╛ржирзЗ ржпрж┐рж╛ржирж┐ ржЖржЫрзЗржи рждрж╛ржБрж░ рж╣рж╛рждрзЗ ржЪрзЗржЩрзНржЧрж┐рж╕ ржЦрж╛ржирзЗрж░ ржмржЗредрждрж┐ржирж┐ ржЕрждрж┐ ржоржирзЛржпрзЛржЧрзЗ ржмржЗржЯрж┐ ржжрзЗржЦржЫрзЗржиред ржмржЗржЯрж╛рж░ ржмрзЗрждрж░ рж╕рж╛ржВржХрзЗрждрж┐
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/411722	Taken literally, the title "All of Statistics" is an exaggeration. But in spirit, the title is apt, as the book does cover a much broader range of topics than a typical introductory book on mathematical statistics. This book is for people who want to learn probability and statistics quickly. It is suitable for graduate or advanced undergraduate students in computer science
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52696537	A riveting debut novel set in contemporary Seoul, Korea, about four young women making their way in a world defined by impossibly high standards of beauty, secret room salons catering to wealthy men, strict social hierarchies, and K-pop fan mania."Even as a girl, I knew the only chance I had was to change my face... even before a fortune-teller told me so."Kyuri is a heart
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/449573	Based on a series of lectures given at Cambridge University, Professor Hawking&apos;s work introduced "the history of ideas about the universe" as well as today&apos;s most important scientific theories about time, space, and the cosmos in a clear, easy-to-understand way. "The Theory of Everything" presents the most complex theories, both past and present, of physics; yet it remains
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14885892	The Avengers and the X-Men - the two most popular super-hero teams in history - go to war! This landmark pop-culture event brings together Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow, Spider-Man, Wolverine, Cyclops, Storm, Magneto and more in the story that changes them forever! And in AVX: Vs., experience the larger-than-life battles too big for any other comic to
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29342515	In Michael Bungay Stanier&apos;s The Coaching Habit, coaching becomes a regular, informal part of your day so managers and their teams can wok less hard and have more impact.  Drawing on years of experience training more than 10,000 busy managers from around the globe in practical, everyday coaching skills, Bungay Stanier reveals how to unlock your peoples&apos; potential. He unpack
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/125553	Amanda and Josh think the old house they have just moved into is weird. Spooky. Possibly haunted. And the town of Dark Falls is pretty strange, too. — But their parents don&apos;t believe them. You&apos;ll get used to it, they say. Go out and make some new friends. — So Amanda and Josh do. But these creepy new friends are not exactly what their parents had in mind.Because they want
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18774964	A grumpy yet loveable man finds his solitary world turned on its head when a boisterous young family moves in next door. Meet Ove. He&apos;s a curmudgeon, the kind of man who points at people he dislikes as if they were burglars caught outside his bedroom window. He has staunch principles, strict routines, and a short fuse. People call him the bitter neighbor from hell, but mus
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/495974	In these selected essays, Viktor E. Frankl, one of the most influential thinkers of our time, illustrates the vital importance of the human dimension in psychotherapy, brilliantly celebrating each individual&apos;s unique potential.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14743	A preeminent scientist - and the world&apos;s most prominent atheist - asserts the irrationality of belief in God, and the grievous harm religion has inflicted on society, from the Crusades to 9/11.With rigor and wit, Dawkins examines God in all his forms, from the sex-obsessed tyrant of the Old Testament, to the more benign (but still illogical) Celestial Watchmaker favored by
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18007564	Six days ago, astronaut Mark Watney became one of the first people to walk on Mars. Now, he’s sure he’ll be the first person to die there.After a dust storm nearly kills him and forces his crew to evacuate while thinking him dead, Mark finds himself stranded and completely alone with no way to even signal Earth that he’s alive—and even if he could get word out, his supplie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/100915	Narnia… the land beyond the wardrobe door, a secret place frozen in eternal winter, a magical country waiting to be set free.Lucy is the first to find the secret of the wardrobe in the professor&apos;s mysterious old house. At first her brothers and sister don&apos;t believe her when she tells of her visit to the land of Narnia. But soon Edmund, then Peter and Susan step through the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12296	Set in 17th-century Puritan Boston, Massachusetts, during the years 1642 to 1649, it tells the story of Hester Prynne, who conceives a daughter through an affair and will not reveal her lover’s identity. The scarlet letter A (for adultery) she has to wear on her clothes, along with her public shaming, is her punishment for her sin and her secrecy. She struggles to create a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1134122	"This book is written with the sole objective of helping the reader achieve a happy, satisfying, and worthwhile life." -- Norman Vincent PealeThe precursor to The Secret, The Power of Positive Thinking has helped millions of men and women to achieve fulfillment in their lives. In this phenomenal bestseller, Dr. Peale demonstrates the power of faith in action. With the prac
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19427193	Do love stories ever die? Can modern day gadgets like mobile phones and the ‘http://www’ era internet bring you the love of real life? You haven’t met her earlier, but commit to marry. Will you still call this a love marriage? And what if on the engagement day while you pull the ring out from your pocket, you realize what you planned was just a dream which never comes true
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33871165	Life is disappointing. And disappointment can so easily come to dominate our life—the nagging thought in the back of our minds and the constant &apos;but&apos; colouring all our pleasures.  In this realistic, hope-filled book, John Hindley shows how to deal with disappointment — what disappointment is, what it does, and how to learn to live with the disappointments while also knowin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38379	A mysterious videotape warns that the viewer will die in one week unless a certain, unspecified act is performed. Exactly one week after watching the tape, four teenagers die one after another of heart failure. Asakawa, a hardworking journalist, is intrigued by his niece&apos;s inexplicable death. His investigation leads him from a metropolitan tokyo teeming with modern society
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19491837	"As crazy as your ideas might be, as long as you believe in yourself and tackle the issue head-on, you can even change the world." Ando is a high school student who has the power to make others say out loud what he&apos;s thinking. Inukai is the mysterious leader of a vigilante group called Grasshopper, which is at odds with the city&apos;s redevelopment plan. In this chaotic city,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54270	Alternate cover edition of this book.Madman, tyrant, animal—history has given Adolf Hitler many names. In Mein Kampf (My Struggle), often called the Nazi bible, Hitler describes his life, frustrations, ideals, and dreams. Born to an impoverished couple in a small town in Austria, the young Adolf grew up with the fervent desire to become a painter. The death of his parents
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8668197	Considered one of the masterpieces of world literature, " The Big Red Book" is perhaps the greatest work of Rumi, the medieval Sufi mystic who also happens to be the bestselling poet in America.Rumi was born in 1207 to a long line of Islamic theologians and lawyers on the eastern edge of the Persian Empire in what is now Afghanistan. In order to escape the invading Mongol
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43326	She had read about stalkers, but they belonged in a different, faraway world. She had no idea who it could be, who would want to harm her. She was trying desperately not to panic, but lately her sleep had been filled with nightmares, and she had awakened each morning with a feeling of impending doom.Thus begins Sidney Sheldon&apos;s chilling new novel, Tell Me Your Dreams. Thre
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40121378	No matter your goals, Atomic Habits offers a proven framework for improving--every day. James Clear, one of the world&apos;s leading experts on habit formation, reveals practical strategies that will teach you exactly how to form good habits, break bad ones, and master the tiny behaviors that lead to remarkable results.If you&apos;re having trouble changing your habits, the problem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1381	Sing to me of the man, Muse, the man of twists and turnsdriven time and again off course, once he had plunderedthe hallowed heights of Troy.So begins Robert Fagles&apos; magnificent translation of the Odyssey, which Jasper Griffin in The New York Times Review of Books hails as "a distinguished achievement."If the Iliad is the world&apos;s greatest war epic, then the Odyssey is liter
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11727114	When Stephen Covey first released The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, the book became an instant rage because people suddenly got up and took notice that their lives were headed off in the wrong direction; and more than that, they realized that there were so many simple things they could do in order to navigate their life correctly. This book was wonderful educati
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/102868	"A Study in Scarlet" is the first published story of one of the most famous literary detectives of all time, Sherlock Holmes. Here Dr. Watson, who has just returned from a war in Afghanistan, meets Sherlock Holmes for the first time when they become flat-mates at the famous 221 B Baker Street. In "A Study in Scarlet" Sherlock Holmes investigates a murder at Lauriston Garde
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/366633	This fine example of the French realist novel contrasts the social progress of an impoverished but ambitious aristocrat with the tale of a father, whose obsessive love for his daughters leads to his personal and financial ruin.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77390	At sixteen, Anne is grown up...almost. Her gray eyes shine like evening stars, but her red hair is still as peppery as her temper. In the years since she arrived at Green Gables as a freckle-faced orphan, she has earned the love of the people of Avonlea and a reputation for getting into scrapes. But when Anne begins her job as the new schoolteacher, the real test of her ch
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/124814	This delightful allegory by self-made millionaire Mark Fisher imparts the principles of wealth as Fisher learned them. A dissatisfied young man meets an old millionaire who reveals to him the secrets of acquiring not just material abundance, but also true wealth.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54442955	Down the beach, she can just make out the rusting hulk of the Ferris wheel through the dawn mist. The hairs prickle on her neck as she drags her focus back to the chestnut hair fanned out in the shallow water at her feet. To the grains of sand decorating the beautiful girl’s white cheeks like freckles.Private Detective Charlie Winters never thought she’d find herself back
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35716666	I had no idea he was a sought after movie star and one of the most eligible bachelors in the world. I thought he was only mine, until one picture turned my life upside down.  She can fight it all she wants, but I knew the moment we met that she&apos;d be mine, and I&apos;m never giving her up.   I tried to deny it, but in the end I know I&apos;m Only His.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17345242	If the past is prologue, then George R. R. Martin’s masterwork—the most inventive and entertaining fantasy saga of our time—warrants one hell of an introduction. At long last, it has arrived with The World of Ice and Fire.This lavishly illustrated volume is a comprehensive history of the Seven Kingdoms, providing vividly constructed accounts of the epic battles, bitter riv
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12232938	"My name was Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered on December 6, 1973."So begins the story of Susie Salmon, who is adjusting to her new home in heaven, a place that is not at all what she expected, even as she is watching life on earth continue without her -- her friends trading rumors about her disappearance, her killer trying to co
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52512029	You inherit a lot of things from your parents. Eye color, hair color, bits and snippets of your personality. Some things you want to inherit. Good looks, metabolism. Their vast fortune when they die. Unfortunately, there are those things you don&apos;t want to inherit. Diabetes, addictions. Your father&apos;s godly powers… Trust me when I say to you, that last one is the worst. I wo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42730511	It’s been said that you can’t love two men at the same time. You can’t split your heart, soul, and body in half. But I’m here to tell you, you can.Dylan Cole is like ice, sharp and unpredictable, the thunder inside a tumultuous storm. Smith Reid is warmth, soft and gentle, perfect like a sunny day.Both are mine. But I can have only one. There are two sides to this tale. I&apos;
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49374505	From master of suspense Lisa Unger comes a riveting thriller about a chance encounter that unravels a stunning web of lies and deceit.Everyone has a secret… Now she knows yours.Selena Murphy is commuting home from her job in the city when the train stalls out on the tracks. She strikes up a conversation with a beautiful stranger in the next seat, and their connection is fa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32620331	Discover the real-life mystery centered on the queen of crime herself: Agatha Christie. In this tantalizing new novel, Christie’s mysterious ten-day disappearance serves as the starting point for a gripping novel, in which Christie herself is pulled into a case of blackmail and murder.“I wouldn’t scream if I were you. Unless you want the whole world to learn about your hus
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4865	ISBN 9780671723651 moved to this edition.You can go after the job you want...and get it! You can take the job you have...and improve it! You can take any situation you&apos;re in...and make it work for you!Since its release in 1936, How to Win Friends and Influence People has sold more than 15 million copies. Dale Carnegie&apos;s first book is a timeless bestseller, packed with rock
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4866	The book &apos;How to stop worrying & start living&apos; suggest many ways to conquer worry and lead a wonderful life.The book mentions fundamental facts to know about worry and magic formula for solving worry-some situations.Psychologists & Doctors&apos; view:-Worry can make even the most stolid person ill.-Worry may cause nervous breakdown.-Worry can even cause tooth decay-Worry is one
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5588817	Many contemporary political thinkers are gripped by the belief that their task is to develop an ideal theory of rights or justice for guiding and judging political actions. But in Philosophy and Real Politics, Raymond Geuss argues that philosophers should first try to understand why real political actors behave as they actually do. Far from being applied ethics, politics i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26047703	The greatest athletic performances spring from the mind, not the body. Elite athletes have known this for decades and now science is learning why it s true. In his fascinating new book "How Bad Do You Want It?," coach Matt Fitzgerald examines more than a dozen pivotal races to discover the surprising ways elite athletes strengthen their mental toughness.Fitzgerald puts you
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22889750	The best-selling author of Born to Run now travels to the Mediterranean, where he discovers that the secrets of ancient Greek heroes are still alive and well on the island of Crete, and ready to be unleashed in the muscles and minds of casual athletes and aspiring heroes everywhere.  After running an ultramarathon through the Copper Canyons of Mexico, Christopher McDougall
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29102879	Remember the places you touched me.The parts of Mira Cillo that Ben touched are etched on his soul.Palm. Hair. Chest. Cheek. Lips. Throat. Heart.It was the last one that broke her. After her death, Mira sends Ben on a quest for notes she left in the seven places where they touched—notes that explain why she and her sister, Francesca, drowned themselves in the quarry. How B
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54916250	11 hours, 50 minutes This book almost didn’t see the light of day as government officials tried to bar its publication.The Inside Story of the Real President Trump, by His Former Attorney And Personal Advisor—The Man Who Helped Get Him Into the Oval OfficeOnce Donald Trump’s fiercest surrogate, closest confidant, and staunchest defender, Michael Cohen knows where the skele
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50634450	También de este lado hay sueños.On this side, too, there are dreams.Lydia Quixano Pérez lives in the Mexican city of Acapulco. She runs a bookstore. She has a son, Luca, the love of her life, and a wonderful husband who is a journalist. And while there are cracks beginning to show in Acapulco because of the drug cartels, her life is, by and large, fairly comfortable.Even t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22874559	HALF GIRLFRIEND (HINDI) Once upon a time, there was a Bihari boy called Madhav. He fell in love with a girl from Delhi called Riya. Madhav didn&apos;t speak English well. Riya did. Madhav wanted a relationship. Riya didn&apos;t. Riya just wanted friendship. Madhav didn&apos;t. Riya suggested a compromise. She agreed to be his half girlfriend. From the author of the blockbuster novels Fiv
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17245	You can find an alternative cover edition for this ISBN here and here.A rich selection of background and source materials is provided in three areas: Contexts includes probable inspirations for Dracula in the earlier works of James Malcolm Rymer and Emily Gerard. Also included are a discussion of Stoker&apos;s working notes for the novel and "Dracula&apos;s Guest," the original open
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17910054	Over the last half-billion years, there have been five mass extinctions, when the diversity of life on earth suddenly and dramatically contracted. Scientists around the world are currently monitoring the sixth extinction, predicted to be the most devastating extinction event since the asteroid impact that wiped out the dinosaurs. This time around, the cataclysm is us. In p
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50892433	The #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Turn of the Key and In a Dark Dark Wood returns with another suspenseful thriller set on a snow-covered mountain.Getting snowed in at a beautiful, rustic mountain chalet doesn’t sound like the worst problem in the world, especially when there’s a breathtaking vista, a cozy fire, and company to keep you warm. But what happens
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45046893	A remarkably inventive novel that explores what it means to live a life fully in the moment, even if those moments are out of order.It’s New Year’s Eve 1982, and Oona Lockhart has her whole life before her. At the stroke of midnight she will turn nineteen, and the year ahead promises to be one of consequence. Should she go to London to study economics, or remain at home in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51182571	Beauregard "Bug" Montage: husband, father, honest car mechanic. But he was once known - from North Carolina to the beaches of Florida - as the best getaway driver on the East Coast. Just like his father, who disappeared many years ago.After a series of financial calamities (worsened by the racial prejudices of the small town he lives in) Bug reluctantly takes part in a dar
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/244526	This second volume shows Feluda at the peak of his sleuthing career. He is at his inimitable best as he tracks down the last known letter of Napoleon, or investigates a sinister crime that has to do with Tintoretto&apos;s painting of Jesus. In The Case of Apsara Theatre, Feluda foils the insidious plans of a clever murderer, and in The House of Death, he investigates the theft
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50433834	QuickRead.com presents a summary of “Outwitting the Devil” by Napoleon Hill:  Reaching out from the era of the Great Depression to offer a message of hope through the power of positive thinking, Outwitting the Devil asks you to imagine what you could accomplish if you relinquished fear and self-doubt.  Although it was originally written in 1938, Napoleon Hill’s breakthroug
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25744928	One of the most valuable skills in our economy is becoming increasingly rare. If you master this skill, you&apos;ll achieve extraordinary results.Deep work is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. It&apos;s a skill that allows you to quickly master complicated information and produce better results in less time. Deep work will make you better at w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2165	Librarian&apos;s note: An alternate cover edition can be found hereThis short novel, already a modern classic, is the superbly told, tragic story of a Cuban fisherman in the Gulf Stream and the giant Marlin he kills and loses — specifically referred to in the citation accompanying the author&apos;s Nobel Prize for literature in 1954.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3061	Great for the beginner and the expert, this book offers readers exercises to improve their work.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/656	In Russia&apos;s struggle with Napoleon, Tolstoy saw a tragedy that involved all mankind. Greater than a historical chronicle, War and Peace is an affirmation of life itself, `a complete picture&apos;, as a contemporary reviewer put it, `of everything in which people find their happiness and greatness, their grief and humiliation&apos;. Tolstoy gave his personal approval to this translat
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22320455	"Carla Power&apos;s intimate portrait of the Quran captures the extraordinary, living debate over the Muslim holy book&apos;s very essence. A spirited, compelling read."-Azadeh Moaveni, author of Lipstick JihadIf the Oceans Were Ink is Carla Power&apos;s eye-opening story of how she and her longtime friend Sheikh  Mohammad Akram Nadwi found a way to confront ugly stereotypes and persiste
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12985	Alternate Cover/publisher Edition ISBN 0743482832 (ISBN13: 9780743482837)Each edition includes:• Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play• Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play• Scene-by-scene plot summaries• A key to famous lines and phrases• An introduction to reading Shakespeare&apos;s language• An essa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55030	Cosmos has 13 heavily illustrated chapters, corresponding to the 13 episodes of the Cosmos television series. In the book, Sagan explores 15 billion years of cosmic evolution and the development of science and civilization. Cosmos traces the origins of knowledge and the scientific method, mixing science and philosophy, and speculates to the future of science. The book also
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28862	Machiavelli needs to be looked at as he really was. Hence: Can Machiavelli, who makes the following observations, be Machiavellian as we understand the disparaging term? 1. So it is that to know the nature of a people, one need be a Prince; to know the nature of a Prince, one need to be of the people. 2. If a Prince is not given to vices that make him hated, it is unsusal
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/128752	It&apos;s a summer of sizzling heat in Charlotte where Dr. Temperance Brennan, forensic anthropologist for the North Carolina medical examiner, looks forward to her first vacation in years. A romantic vacation. She&apos;s almost out the door when the bones start appearing.  A newborn&apos;s charred remains turn up in a woodstove. A small plane crashes in a North Carolina cornfield on a s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12950446	Based on more than forty interviews with Jobs conducted over two years—as well as interviews with more than a hundred family members, friends, adversaries, competitors, and colleagues—Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and searingly intense personality of a creative entrepreneur whose passion for perfection and ferocious drive revolutio
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/95186	In a crumbling, isolated house at the foot of Mount Kanchenjunga in the Himalayas lives an embittered judge who wants only to retire in peace, when his orphaned granddaughter, Sai, arrives on his doorstep. The judge’s cook watches over her distractedly, for his thoughts are often on his son, Biju, who is hopscotching from one gritty New York restaurant to another. Kiran De
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18414	Utopia (Libellus vere aureus, nec minus salutaris quam festivus, de optimo rei publicae statu deque nova insula Utopia) is a satirical work of fiction and political philosophy by Thomas More (1478–1535) published in 1516 in Latin. The book is a frame narrative primarily depicting a fictional island society as described by the character Raphael Hythloday who lived there som
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/976	A shocking scientific discovery. A conspiracy of staggering brilliance. A thriller unlike any you&apos;ve ever read....When a NASA satellite discovers an astonishingly rare object buried deep in the Arctic ice, the floundering space agency proclaims a much-needed victory—a victory with profound implications for NASA policy and the impending presidential election. To verify the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21	In Bryson&apos;s biggest book, he confronts his greatest challenge: to understand—and, if possible, answer—the oldest, biggest questions we have posed about the universe and ourselves. Taking as territory everything from the Big Bang to the rise of civilization, Bryson seeks to understand how we got from there being nothing at all to there being us. To that end, he has attached
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21874495	Maulana Azad was the first education minister of India and a dynamic individual with multiple facets to his personality. He is equally known as one of the foremost freedom fighters, an Urdu poet who also wrote treatises on philosophy and religion. Azad had hoped to lead not only the Muslims but all Indians to freedom. From 1903, when he picked up his pen to launch his firs
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13041934	When Ravin first said ‘I love you . . .’ he meant it forever. The world has known this through Ravin’s bestselling novel, I Too Had a Love Story. But did Ravin’s story really end on the last page of that book?On Valentine’s Day, a radio station in Chandigarh hosts a very special romantic chat show. Ravin and his three best friends are invited as guests to talk about Ravin’
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27220736	In this candid and riveting memoir, for the first time ever, Nike founder and CEO Phil Knight shares the inside story of the company’s early days as an intrepid start-up and its evolution into one of the world’s most iconic, game-changing, and profitable brands.In 1962, fresh out of business school, Phil Knight borrowed $50 from his father and created a company with a simp
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22529389	The powerful new work from one of our greatest historical novelists, A Slant of Light deals with profoundly seminal American moments: the end of the Civil War, the religious freedom that was manifested in the Second Great Awakening, the last gasps of the Jeffersonian ideal of American yeomanry, the shadow on the horizon of the Industrial Revolution.At the heart of the nove
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16282937	An anthology of moving, inspirational, heartwarming or heartbreaking, love stories shortlisted in a nation wide contest by Penguin India! Love only a four letter word, yet its so powerful that it can conquer anything in this world! We&apos;ve all experienced the first flush of love and remember the lingering fragrance of it. For ages Love has remained one of the most cherished
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11669214	This book provides an introduction to the theory of relativity and the mathematics used in its processes. Three elements of the book make it stand apart from previously published books on the theory of relativity. First, the book starts at a lower mathematical level than standard books with tensor calculus of sufficient maturity to make it possible to give detailed calcula
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/123632	Man and His Symbols owes its existence to one of Jung&apos;s own dreams. The great psychologist dreamed that his work was understood by a wide public, rather than just by psychiatrists, and therefore he agreed to write and edit this fascinating book. Here, Jung examines the full world of the unconscious, whose language he believed to be the symbols constantly revealed in dreams
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25014	In 1793, a canal digger named William Smith made a startling discovery. He found that by tracing the placement of fossils, which he uncovered in his excavations, one could follow layers of rocks as they dipped and rose and fell -- clear across England and, indeed, clear across the world -- making it possible, for the first time ever, to draw a chart of the hidden underside
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45211636	Over 30,000 units sold of David Greene&apos;s first bestseller, Long-Distance Real Estate Investing!   Invest in real estate and never run out of money―using the hottest strategy in the real estate world!    For years, investors have built wealth through real estate the hard way: saving money slowly and sacrificing their current happiness for a future reward. While this method
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/978772	First published in 1938, The Hobbit is a story that “grew in the telling,” and many characters and events in the published book are completely different from what Tolkien first wrote to read aloud to his young sons as part of their “fireside reads.” For the first time, The History of the Hobbit reproduces the original version of one of literature’s most famous stories, and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49041	There is an alternate cover edition for ISBN13 9780316160193 here. I knew we were both in mortal danger. Still, in that instant, I felt well. Whole. I could feel my heart racing in my chest, the blood pulsing hot and fast through my veins again. My lungs filled deep with the sweet scent that came off his skin. It was like there had never been any hole in my chest. I was pe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6185	You can find the redesigned cover of this edition HERE.This best-selling Norton Critical Edition is based on the 1847 first edition of the novel. For the Fourth Edition, the editor has collated the 1847 text with several modern editions and has corrected a number of variants, including accidentals. The text is accompanied by entirely new explanatory annotations.New to the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1238901	O Alquimista é a história de um jovem que tem um sonho repetido com um tesouro oculto guardado perto das pirâmides do Egipto. Este resolve seguir o seu sonho, enfrenta as maiores dificuldades, atravessa desertos e defronta-se com os grandes mistérios que acompanham o Homem desde o começo dos tempos: os sinais de Deus, a Lenda Pessoal que cada um de nós tem que viver, a mis
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53248017	Ikigai: The Japanese secret to a long and happy lifeThe people of Japan believe that everyone has an ikigai – a reason to jump out of bed each morning. And according to the residents of the Japanese island of Okinawa – the world’s longest-living people – finding it is the key to a longer and more fulfilled life. Inspiring and comforting, this book will give you the life-ch
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44778083	Bound by blood.Tempted by desire.Unleashed by destiny.Bryce Quinlan had the perfect life—working hard all day and partying all night—until a demon murdered her closest friends, leaving her bereft, wounded, and alone. When the accused is behind bars but the crimes start up again, Bryce finds herself at the heart of the investigation. She’ll do whatever it takes to avenge th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51039323	Is the pressure to "lean in," "wash your face," and believe you are a "badass" actually making you miserable? Well, there&apos;s good news: you don&apos;t have to give in.When faced with disappointment, self-doubt, and failure, we rely on positivity mantras and upbeat Bible verses to relieve our anxiety. But instead of easing our emotional burden, the pressure to lov
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/416580	For 4,000 years, the lavish crypt of the Pharaoh Mamose has never been found...until the Seventh Scroll, a cryptic message written by he slave Taita, gives beautiful Egyptologist Royan Al Simma a tantalizing clue to its location.But this is a treasure cache others would kill to possess. Only one step ahead of assassins, Royan runs for her life and into the arms of the only
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/53025903	A new novel inspired by historical events: a story of three young women on a journey in search of family amidst the destruction of the post-Civil War South, and of a modern-day teacher who rediscovers their story and its connection to her own students&apos; lives.Lisa Wingate brings to life stories from actual "Lost Friends" advertisements that appeared in Southern newspapers a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5273533	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34497	Terry Pratchett&apos;s profoundly irreverent, bestselling novels have garnered him a revered position in the halls of parody next to the likes of Mark Twain, Kurt Vonnegut, Douglas Adams, and Carl Hiaasen.The Color of Magic is Terry Pratchett&apos;s maiden voyage through the now-legendary land of Discworld. This is where it all begins -- with the tourist Twoflower and his wizard gui
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31509348	"The intent of this book is for it to be used as a simple and direct guide in a time of great danger. If I am still alivewhen the events foretold in these pages occur, then I hope that you will find me before it is too late.Roberta Ann SparrowOctober, 1944"
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38560071	George R.R. Martin’s epic A Song of Ice and Fire series continues with this latest installment of A Clash of Kings!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20698530	Lara Jean didn’t expect to really fall for Peter.She and Peter were just pretending. Except suddenly they weren’t. Now Lara Jean is more confused than ever.When another boy from her past returns to her life, Lara Jean’s feelings for him return too. Can a girl be in love with two boys at once?In this charming and heartfelt sequel to the New York Times bestseller To All the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42121525	Franny Stone has always been the kind of woman who is able to love but unable to stay. Leaving behind everything but her research gear, she arrives in Greenland with a singular purpose: to follow the last Arctic terns in the world on what might be their final migration to Antarctica. Franny talks her way onto a fishing boat, and she and the crew set sail, traveling ever fu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16141924	Jim Gaffigan never imagined he would have his own kids. Though he grew up in a large Irish-Catholic family, Jim was satisfied with the nomadic, nocturnal life of a standup comedian, and was content to be "that weird uncle who lives in an apartment by himself in New York that everyone in the family speculates about." But all that changed when he married and found out his wi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/129603	Louise’s key message in this powerful work is: “If we are willing to do the mental work, almost anything can be healed.” Louise explains how limiting beliefs and ideas are often the cause of illness, and how you can change your thinking…and improve the quality of your life.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12117	The great Pirandello&apos;s (1867-1936) 1926 novel, previously published here in 1933 in another translation, synthesizes the themes and personalities that illuminate such dramas as Six Characters in Search of an Author.Vitangelo Moscarda ``loses his reality&apos;&apos; when his wife cavalierly informs him that his nose tilts to the right; suddenly he realizes that ``for others I was not
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/575715	Tejas can’t help falling madly in love with his sister’s beautiful best friend Shreya even though she lives at the other end of the nation, in Chennai….and he would do anything for her….even jeopardize his career to travel the length of the country just to meet her.Thus begins Tejas’s extremely eventful and humorous journey where Mr. Fate pits him, as only he can, against
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19302	Tommy and his sister Annika have a new neighbor, and her name is Pippi Longstocking. She has crazy red pigtails, no parents to tell her what to do, a horse that lives on her porch, and a flair for the outrageous that seems to lead to one adventure after another!--back cover
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9206187	Why is the Mona Lisa the most famous painting in the world? Why did Facebook succeed when other social networking sites failed? Did the surge in Iraq really lead to less violence? How much can CEO’s impact the performance of their companies? And does higher pay incentivize people to work hard?If you think the answers to these questions are a matter of common sense, think a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7260188	My name is Katniss Everdeen.Why am I not dead?I should be dead.Katniss Everdeen, girl on fire, has survived, even though her home has been destroyed. Gale has escaped. Katniss&apos;s family is safe. Peeta has been captured by the Capitol. District 13 really does exist. There are rebels. There are new leaders. A revolution is unfolding.It is by design that Katniss was rescued fr
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/246035	In An Enemy of the People, Ibsen places his main characters, Dr. Thomas Stockman, in the role of an enlightened and persecuted minority of one confronting an ignorant, powerful majority. When the physician learns that the famous and financially successful baths in his hometown are contaminated, he insists they be shut down for expensive repairs. For his honesty, he is pers
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5129	Brave New World is a dystopian novel by English author Aldous Huxley, written in 1931 and published in 1932. Largely set in a futuristic World State, inhabited by genetically modified citizens and an intelligence-based social hierarchy, the novel anticipates huge scientific advancements in reproductive technology, sleep-learning, psychological manipulation and classical co
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14050	A funny, often poignant tale of boy meets girl with a twist: what if one of them couldn&apos;t stop slipping in and out of time? Highly original and imaginative, this debut novel raises questions about life, love, and the effects of time on relationships.Audrey Niffenegger’s innovative debut, The Time Traveler’s Wife, is the story of Clare, a beautiful art student, and Henry, a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6656	The Divine Comedy describes Dante&apos;s descent into Hell with Virgil as a guide; his ascent of Mount Purgatory and encounter with his dead love, Beatrice; and finally, his arrival in Heaven. Examining questions of faith, desire and enlightenment, the poem is a brilliantly nuanced and moving allegory of human redemption. Dante Alighieri was born in Florence in 1265 and belonge
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9643266	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18254	A gripping portrayal of London&apos;s dark criminal underbelly, published in Penguin Classics with an introduction by Philip Horne.The story of Oliver Twist - orphaned, and set upon by evil and adversity from his first breath - shocked readers when it was published. After running away from the workhouse and pompous beadle Mr Bumble, Oliver finds himself lured into a den of thie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15749186	To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before is the story of Lara Jean, who has never openly admitted her crushes, but instead wrote each boy a letter about how she felt, sealed it, and hid it in a box under her bed. But one day Lara Jean discovers that somehow her secret box of letters has been mailed, causing all her crushes from her past to confront her about the letters: her firs
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48717579	The prince is now a king. All Asgard lies before Thor, the God of Thunder. And after many months of war, the Ten Realms are finally at peace. But the skies above the Realm Eternal are never clear for long. The Black Winter is coming. And the God of the Storm will be powerless before it. Before him lies the Black Winter; behind, a trail of death wrought by his own hand. The
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1113155	The fourth in AK Press’ Working Classics series, The Conquest of Bread is Peter Kropotkin’s most extensive study of human needs and his outline of the most rational and equitable means of satisfying them. A combination of detailed historical analysis and far-reaching Utopian vision, this is a step-by-step guide to social revolution: the concrete means of achieving it, and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/194373	Silver BlazeThe Adventure of the Yellow FaceThe Adventure of the Stockbroker&apos;s ClerkThe Adventure of the "Gloria Scott"The Adventure of the Musgrave RitualThe Adventure of the Reigate SquiresThe Adventure of the Crooked ManThe Adventure of the Resident PatientThe Adventure of the Greek InterpreterThe Adventure of the Navel TreatyThe Final Problem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14935	Alternate cover edition of ISBN 9780141439662&apos;The more I know of the world, the more am I convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!&apos;Marianne Dashwood wears her heart on her sleeve, and when she falls in love with the dashing but unsuitable John Willoughby she ignores her sister Elinor&apos;s warning that her impulsive behaviour leaves her
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11989	A gripping tale of human unrelieved horror, of survival and resilience, and of the ways in which humankind confronts death, The Plague is at once a masterfully crafted novel, eloquently understated and epic in scope, and a parable of ageless moral resonance, profoundly relevant to our times. In Oran, a coastal town in North Africa, the plague begins as a series of portents
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18514117	I grazed my hand along the wall of the names, before turning back to Noah. “Why were people telling me how lucky I was to share a dorm with you?”Noah smirked, leaning his arm on the wall beside him like he had the cards on the table. “I am the son of the man in charge of this school. I’m a bad boy, rich, and incredibly handsome. Who wouldn’t want to share a repeat of histo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/375802	Andrew "Ender" Wiggin thinks he is playing computer simulated war games; he is, in fact, engaged in something far more desperate. The result of genetic experimentation, Ender may be the military genius Earth desperately needs in a war against an alien enemy seeking to destroy all human life. The only way to find out is to throw Ender into ever harsher training, to chip awa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21543946	In Jean Shinoda Bolen’s best-selling, game-changing Goddesses in Everywoman, myths came to life in a whole new way that resonated with our own lives. Even fictional character Bridget Jones was reading that book.Now comes Artemis: The Indomitable Spirit in Everywoman, a groundbreaking new book that explores the archetype of the activist. Indomitable means untamed, unsubdued
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36072	When Stephen Covey first released The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, the book became an instant rage because people suddenly got up and took notice that their lives were headed off in the wrong direction; and more than that, they realized that there were so many simple things they could do in order to navigate their life correctly. This book was wonderful educati
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31557698	Hi, I&apos;m Radhika Mehta and I&apos;m getting married this week. I work at Goldman Sachs, an investment bank. Thank you for reading my story. However, let me warn you.You may not like me too much. One, I make a lot of money. Two, I have an opinion on everything. Three, I have had a boyfriend before. OK, maybe two.Now if all this was the case with a guy, one might be cool with it.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7248435	Adam sees “numbers” – when he looks in peoples’ eyes he can see their death-dates, just like his mum Jem used to. Adam has trouble dealing with his awful gift, and when he realises that everyone around him has the same series of numbers, he becomes deeply afraid of what might happen in 2025.Desperate to find out what could be about to go wrong, Adam spends hours researchin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44287550	When three delinquents hole up in an abandoned general store after their most recent robbery, to their great surprise, a letter drops through the mail slot in the store&apos;s shutter. This seemingly simple request for advice sets the trio on a journey of discovery as, over the course of a single night, they step into the role of the kindhearted former shopkeeper who devoted hi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6402364	The New York Times best-selling Freakonomics was a worldwide sensation, selling over four million copies in thirty-five languages and changing the way we look at the world. Now, Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner return with SuperFreakonomics, and fans and newcomers alike will find that the freakquel is even bolder, funnier, and more surprising than the first.Four year
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/475166	Best Of Ruskin Bond
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30288282	If you knew the date of your death, how would you live your life? It&apos;s 1969 in New York City&apos;s Lower East Side, and word has spread of the arrival of a mystical woman, a traveling psychic who claims to be able to tell anyone the day they will die. The Gold children—four adolescents on the cusp of self-awareness—sneak out to hear their fortunes.The prophecies inform their n
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11505797	The new Abby Abernathy is a good girl. She doesn’t drink or swear, and she has the appropriate number of cardigans in her wardrobe. Abby believes she has enough distance from the darkness of her past, but when she arrives at college with her best friend, her path to a new beginning is quickly challenged by Eastern University&apos;s Walking One-Night Stand. Travis Maddox, lean,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28676	Patrick Bateman is twenty-six and he works on Wall Street, he is handsome, sophisticated, charming and intelligent. He is also a psychopath. Taking us to head-on collision with America&apos;s greatest dream—and its worst nightmare—American Psycho is bleak, bitter, black comedy about a world we all recognise but do not wish to confront.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41577769	A lost child, the family who try to protect him and the secret that refuses to stay hidden . . .Molly and Gene Myers were happy, until tragedy blighted their hopes of children. During the years of darkness and despair, they each put their marriage in jeopardy, but now they are starting to rebuild their fragile bond.This is the year of Woodstock and the moon landings; war i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26889576	From the author of The Blind Side and Moneyball, The Big Short tells the story of four outsiders in the world of high-finance who predict the credit and housing bubble collapse before anyone else. The film adaptation by Adam McKay (Anchorman I and II, The Other Guys) features Academy Award® winners Christian Bale, Brad Pitt, Melissa Leo and Marisa Tomei; Academy Award® nom
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52661162	Retired detective Cal Hooper moves to a remote village in rural Ireland. His plans are to fix up the dilapidated cottage he&apos;s bought, to walk the mountains, to put his old police instincts to bed forever.Then a local boy appeals to him for help. His brother is missing, and no one in the village, least of all the police, seems to care. And once again, Cal feels that restles
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22447842	Daniel Abraham&apos;s adaptation of George R. R. Martin&apos;s acclaimed epic fantasy A Game of Thrones continues to cast its gripping spell. In the savage north, Jon Snow finds new friends-and enemies-among the brothers of the Night&apos;s Watch, sworn to defend Westeros against the horrors that lie beyond the Wall. In the more civilized savagery of King&apos;s Landing, Eddard Stark learns f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2932	Daniel Defoe relates the tale of an English sailor marooned on a desert island for nearly three decades. An ordinary man struggling to survive in extraordinary circumstances, Robinson Crusoe wrestles with fate and the nature of God. This edition features maps.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33507	When an unidentified “monster” threatens international shipping, French oceanographer Pierre Aronnax and his unflappable assistant Conseil join an expedition organized by the US Navy to hunt down and destroy the menace. After months of fruitless searching, they finally grapple with their quarry, but Aronnax, Conseil, and the brash Canadian harpooner Ned Land are thrown ove
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12615008	Book Summary of Revolution 2020 Once upon a time, in small-town India, there lived two intelligent boys. One wanted to use his intelligence to make money. One wanted to use his intelligence to create a revolution. The problem was, they both loved the same girl. Welcome to Revolution 2020. A story about childhood friends Gopal, Raghav and Aarti who struggle to find success
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3836	Don Quixote has become so entranced by reading chivalric romances that he determines to become a knight-errant himself. In the company of his faithful squire, Sancho Panza, his exploits blossom in all sorts of wonderful ways. While Quixote&apos;s fancy often leads him astray—he tilts at windmills, imagining them to be giants—Sancho acquires cunning and a certain sagacity. Sane
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41639186	Hi, I’m Keshav, and my life is screwed. I hate my job and my girlfriend left me. Ah, the beautiful Zara. Zara is from Kashmir. She is a Muslim. And did I tell you my family is a bit, well, traditional? Anyway, leave that.Zara and I broke up four years ago. She moved on in life. I didn’t. I drank every night to forget her. I called, messaged, and stalked her on social media
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52219273	Innovation is the main event of the modern age, the reason we experience both dramatic improvements in our living standards and unsettling changes in our society. Forget short-term symptoms like Donald Trump and Brexit, it is innovation itself that explains them and that will itself shape the 21st century for good and ill. Yet innovation remains a mysterious process, poorl
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2547	Kahlil Gibran’s masterpiece, The Prophet, is one of the most beloved classics of our time. Published in 1923, it has been translated into more than twenty languages, and the American editions alone have sold more than nine million copies.The Prophet is a collection of poetic essays that are philosophical, spiritual, and, above all, inspirational. Gibran’s musings are divid
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5680626	We all have people in our lives that we just can&apos;t seem to get along with. Whether it&apos;s our spouse, co-worker or neighbour, something about the relationship just rubs us up the wrong way, and though our natural instinct is to blame the other person, that can just make things worse.In Feeling Good Together, renowned US psychiatrist Dr David Burns applies his successful meth
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1219103	There was a large audience assembled on the 14th of January, 1862, at the session of the Royal Geographical Society, No. 3 Waterloo Place, London. The president, Sir Francis M -, made an important communication to his colleagues, in an address that was frequently interrupted by applause. This rare specimen of eloquence terminated with the following sonorous phrases bubblin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14082	Four gems, with new introductions, mark acclaimed Indian writer R. K. Narayan’s centennialIntroducing this collection of stories, R. K. Narayan describes how in India “the writer has only to look out of the window to pick up a character and thereby a story.” Composed of powerful, magical portraits of all kinds of people, and comprising stories written over almost forty yea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31423133	Listening Length: 1 hour and 53 minutesIf you want to change the world, start off by making your bed.On May 17, 2014, Admiral William H. McRaven addressed the graduating class of the University of Texas at Austin on their Commencement day. Taking inspiration from the university&apos;s slogan, "What starts here changes the world," he shared the ten principles he learned during N
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1237300	In her ground-breaking reporting from Iraq, Naomi Klein exposed how the trauma of invasion was being exploited to remake the country in the interest of foreign corporations. She called it "disaster capitalism." Covering Sri Lanka in the wake of the tsunami, and New Orleans post-Katrina, she witnessed something remarkably similar. People still reeling from catastrophe were
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37845690	ENGLISH
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4214	Life of Pi is a fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001. The protagonist, Piscine Molitor "Pi" Patel, a Tamil boy from Pondicherry, explores issues of spirituality and practicality from an early age. He survives 227 days after a shipwreck while stranded on a boat in the Pacific Ocean with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16112413	Many of us live our lives entrapped by the same repeated patterns of heartbreak and disappointment. Often, we have no idea why this happens. Reclam Your Heart is about freeing the heart from this slavery. It is about the journey in and out of life&apos;s most deceptive traps.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54502643	“Vivid, carefully reported drama that readers will gulp down as if it were a fast-paced novel” (Ken Auletta)  The inside story of WeWork and its CEO, Adam Neumann, which tells the remarkable saga of one of the most audacious, and improbable, rises and falls in American business history    In its earliest days, WeWork promised the impossible: to make the American work place
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/182185	Ein Liebesbrief erreicht den Romancier und Lebemann R. an seinem einundvierzigsten Geburtstag – die leidenschaftliche Lebensbeichte einer Frau, deren Lebensmittelpunkt er war.Doch sie ist für ihn nur eine belanglose Geliebte unter vielen geblieben, letztlich eine Unbekannte. »Ich klage Dich nicht an, mein Geliebter, nein, ich klage Dich nicht an«, verspricht sie, und doch
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/480204	First published in French as a serial in 1909, The Phantom of the Opera is a riveting story that revolves around the young, Swedish Christine Daaé. Her father, a famous musician, dies, and she is raised in the Paris Opera House with his dying promise of a protective angel of music to guide her. After a time at the opera house, she begins hearing a voice, who eventually tea
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46170	In 1937 Ernest Hemingway traveled to Spain to cover the civil war there for the North American Newspaper Alliance. Three years later he completed the greatest novel to emerge from "the good fight," For Whom the Bell Tolls. The story of Robert Jordan, a young American in the International Brigades attached to an antifascist guerilla unit in the mountains of Spain, it tells
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55851496	It came out of nowhere. A huge cat in the middle of the road. We swerved to avoid it and crashed into a snowy tree, ending our road trip early and stranding us far from the local town, in the middle of a snowstorm with another on the way. How can a pop star, her assistant, and her best friend survive in a snowy wilderness? Short answer is: they can’t.But then *he* came out
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27276428	Spanning the globe and several centuries, The Gene is the story of the quest to decipher the master-code that makes and defines humans, that governs our form and function.The story of the gene begins in an obscure Augustinian abbey in Moravia in 1856 where a monk stumbles on the idea of a ‘unit of heredity’. It intersects with Darwin’s theory of evolution, and collides wit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23437156	Ketterdam: a bustling hub of international trade where anything can be had for the right price—and no one knows that better than criminal prodigy Kaz Brekker. Kaz is offered a chance at a deadly heist that could make him rich beyond his wildest dreams. But he can’t pull it off alone. . . .A convict with a thirst for revengeA sharpshooter who can’t walk away from a wagerA r
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51118201	After a devastating loss, Brynn Wilder escapes to Wharton, a tourist town on Lake Superior, to reset. Checking into a quaint boardinghouse for the summer, she hopes to put her life into perspective. In her fellow lodgers, she finds a friendly company of strangers: the frail Alice, cared for by a married couple with a heartbreaking story of their own; LuAnn, the eccentric a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36213130	In his new role as the King’s Hand, Tyrion decides a man’s fate over wine, and matches wits with Varys, the Master of Whisperers. Meanwhile, Davos meets with an old friend from his old smuggling days – the pirate Salladhor Saan—and must try to dissuade Stannis from the dark path that Melisandre, the Red Woman is leading him down.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6828896	You want to learn about the path that we took at Zappos to get to over $1 billion in gross merchandise sales in less than ten years. You want to learn about the path I took that eventually led me to Zappos, and the lessons I learned along the way. You want to learn from all the mistakes we made at Zappos over the years so that your business can avoid making some of the sam
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/54479	One night in the reform club, Phileas Fogg bets his companions that he can travel across the globe in just eighty days. Breaking the well-established routine of his daily life, he immediately sets off for Dover with his astonished valet Passepartout. Passing through exotic lands and dangerous locations, they seize whatever transportation is at hand—whether train or elephan
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25852784	In Evicted, Princeton sociologist and MacArthur "Genius" Matthew Desmond follows eight families in Milwaukee as they struggle to keep a roof over their heads. Evicted transforms our understanding of poverty and economic exploitation while providing fresh ideas for solving one of 21st-century America&apos;s most devastating problems. Its unforgettable scenes of hope and loss rem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48735044	Der Weltbestseller aus Japan. Ein zutiefst unglücklicher junger Mann trifft auf einen Philosophen, der ihm erklärt, wie jeder von uns in der Lage ist, sein eigenes Leben zu bestimmen, und wie sich jeder von den Fesseln vergangener Erfahrungen, Zweifeln und Erwartungen anderer lösen kann. Es sind die Erkenntnisse von Alfred Adler - dem großen Vorreiter der Achtsamkeitsbeweg
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32294951	Graham Russell and I weren’t made for one another.I was driven by emotion; he was apathetic. I dreamed while he lived in nightmares. I cried when he had no tears to shed.Despite his frozen heart and my readiness to run, we sometimes shared seconds. Seconds when our eyes locked and we saw each other’s secrets. Seconds when his lips tasted my fears, and I breathed in his pai
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17690	Written in 1914 but not published until 1925, a year after Kafka’s death, The Trial is the terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly and inexplicably arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information. Whether read as an existential tale, a parable, or a prophecy of the excesses of modern bureaucracy wedded
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38296	The wild rush of action in this classic frontier adventure story has made The Last of the Mohicans the most popular of James Fenimore Cooper’s Leatherstocking Tales. Deep in the forests of upper New York State, the brave woodsman Hawkeye (Natty Bumppo) and his loyal Mohican friends Chingachgook and Uncas become embroiled in the bloody battles of the French and Indian War.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28512427	For too long, Violet and the people of the outer circles of the Lone City have lived a life of servitude, controlled and manipulated by the royalty of the Jewel. But now, the secret society known as the Black Key is preparing to seize power and knock down the walls dividing each circle.And while Violet knows she is at the center of this rebellion, she has a more personal s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51907346	When Astrid Strick witnesses a school bus accident in the center of town, it jostles loose a repressed memory from her young parenting days decades earlier. Suddenly, Astrid realizes she was not quite the parent she thought she’d been to her three, now-grown children. But to what consequence?Astrid’s youngest son is drifting and unfocused, making parenting mistakes of his
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21856367	The computer and the internet are among the most important innovations of our era, but few people know who created them. They were not conjured up in a garret or garage by solo inventors suitable to be singled out on magazine covers or put into a pantheon with Edison, Bell, and Morse. Instead, most of the innovations of the digital age were done collaboratively. There were
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/332613	Tyrannical Nurse Ratched rules her ward in an Oregon State mental hospital with a strict and unbending routine, unopposed by her patients, who remain cowed by mind-numbing medication and the threat of electric shock therapy. But her regime is disrupted by the arrival of McMurphy – the swaggering, fun-loving trickster with a devilish grin who resolves to oppose her rules on
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7297120	This is Steven&apos;s insight into what qualities are needed to become a captain, how to lead by example, and how his journey as a player led to him wearing the armband for club and country for the very first time. He talks exclusively about his pride in being captain and what exactly that role involves on and off the pitch and inside the dressing room, and even inside the capt
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17362	Ever since Albert Einstein&apos;s general theory of relativity burst upon the world in 1915 some of the most brilliant minds of our century have sought to decipher the mysteries bequeathed by that theory, a legacy so unthinkable in some respects that even Einstein himself rejected them.Which of these bizarre phenomena, if any, can really exist in our universe? Black holes, down
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49239093	It is 997 CE, the end of the Dark Ages. England is facing attacks from the Welsh in the west and the Vikings in the east. Those in power bend justice according to their will, regardless of ordinary people and often in conflict with the king. Without a clear rule of law, chaos reigns.In these turbulent times, three characters find their lives intertwined. A young boatbuilde
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49552	Through the story of an ordinary man unwittingly drawn into a senseless murder on an Algerian beach, Camus explored what he termed "the nakedness of man faced with the absurd." First published in English in 1946; now in a new translation by Matthew Ward.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11544466	The world has no air. If you want to survive, you pay to breathe. But what if you can&apos;t? And what if you think everything could be different? Three teens will leave everything they know behind in Sarah Crossan&apos;s gripping and original dystopian teen novel of danger, longing, and glimmering hope. Ever since the Switch, when the oxygen levels plummeted and most of humanity di
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2612	An alternate cover edition exists here.The tipping point is that magic moment when an idea, trend, or social behavior crosses a threshold, tips, and spreads like wildfire. Just as a single sick person can start an epidemic of the flu, so too can a small but precisely targeted push cause a fashion trend, the popularity of a new product, or a drop in the crime rate. This wid
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2615	Harvard professor Clayton M. Christensen says outstanding companies can do everything right and still lose their market leadership -- or worse, disappear completely. And he not only proves what he says, he tells others how to avoid a similar fate.Focusing on "disruptive technology" -- the Honda Super Cub, Intel&apos;s 8088 processor, or the hydraulic excavator, for example -- C
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36521316	It is 1962, and Elisa Esposito—mute her whole life, orphaned as a child—is struggling with her humdrum existence as a janitor working the graveyard shift at Baltimore’s Occam Aerospace Research Center. Were it not for Zelda, a protective coworker, and Giles, her loving neighbor, she doesn’t know how she’d make it through the day.Then, one fateful night, she sees something
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10534	Twenty-Five Hundred years ago, Sun Tzu wrote this classic book of military strategy based on Chinese warfare and military thought. Since that time, all levels of military have used the teaching on Sun Tzu to warfare and civilization have adapted these teachings for use in politics, business and everyday life. The Art of War is a book which should be used to gain advantage
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42186465	A beautifully designed book full of inspiring quotes and tried-and-tested wisdom on using positivity to create a life you love.How can you learn to truly love yourself? How can you transform negative emotions into positive ones? Is it possible to find lasting happiness?In this book, Instagram guru Vex King answers all of these questions and more. Vex overcame adversity to
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/175545	A tale of high adventure and lyrical celebration, tenderness and violence, generosity and ruthlessness, Memed, My Hawk is the defining achievement of one of the greatest and most beloved of living writers, Yashar Kemal. It is reissued here with a new introduction by the author on the fiftieth anniversary of its first publication.Memed, a high-spirited, kindhearted boy, gro
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26816957	After 15 years of examining a**holes across the nation, Dr. Xavier Crement thought he knew everything one person could discover about the disease of a**holism. Then he met Annabella Culo-Dulce, press secretary for U.S. Representative Charles Bickerson, and found that he needed to revise every theory he had devised! Annabella revealed to him two new categories of a**holes—t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19083	What is the relationship of the individual to the state? What is the ideal state, and how can it bring about the most desirable life for its citizens? What sort of education should it provide? What is the purpose of amassing wealth? These are some of the questions Aristotle attempts to answer in one of the most intellectually stimulating works.Both heavily influenced by an
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7981901	When a strange fly bites one of the Smurfs, a full-on epidemic develops in the Smurf Village! After being bit, a Smurf turns purple and his vocabulary is reduced to one single word: “gnap!” The purple Smurf runs around the Smurf Village biting other Smurfs on the tail, causing them to turn purple and act crazy too! Soon enough, there are more purple Smurfs than blue Smu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/949043	Book by Ihimaera, Witi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45046742	Shay Miller wants to find love, but it eludes her. She wants to be fulfilled, but her job is a dead end. She wants to belong, but her life is increasingly lonely.Until Shay meets the Moore sisters. Cassandra and Jane live a life of glamorous perfection, and always get what they desire. When they invite Shay into their circle, everything seems to get better. Shay would die
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/236093	Dorothy thinks she&apos;s lost forever when a tornado whirls her and her dog, Toto, into a magical world. To get home, she must find the wonderful wizard in the Emerald City of Oz. On the way she meets the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman and the Cowardly Lion. But the Wicked Witch of the West has her own plans for the new arrival... will Dorothy ever see Kansas again?
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/93	Little orphan Heidi goes to live high in the Alps with her gruff grandfather and brings happiness to all who know her on the mountain. When Heidi goes to Frankfurt to work in a wealthy household, she dreams of returning to the mountains and meadows, her friend Peter, and her beloved grandfather.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7144	Raskolnikov, a destitute and desperate former student, wanders through the slums of St Petersburg and commits a random murder without remorse or regret. He imagines himself to be a great man, a Napoleon: acting for a higher purpose beyond conventional moral law. But as he embarks on a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a suspicious police investigator, Raskolnikov is pur
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13615	Light Yagami is an ace student with great prospects - and he&apos;s bored out of his mind. But all that changes when he finds the Death Note, a notebook dropped by a rogue Shinigami, a death god. Any human whose name is written in the notebook dies, and now Light has vowed to use the power of the Death Note to rid the world of evil. But when criminals begin dropping dead, the a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19256975	When a man is found murdered in an abandoned building in Osaka in 1973, unflappable detective Sasagaki is assigned to the case. He begins to piece together the connection of two young people who are inextricably linked to the crime; the dark, taciturn son of the victim and the unexpectedly captivating daughter of the main suspect. Over the next twenty years we follow their
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/590652	The Slight Edge is a way of thinking, a way of processing information that enables you to make the daily choices that will lead you to the success and happiness you desire. Learn why some people make dream after dream come true, while others just continue dreaming and spend their lives building dreams for someone else. It&apos;s not just another self-help motivation tool of met
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30186948	This is the original 1937 version of Napoleon Hill&apos;s Classic Book: Think and Grow Rich. To the greatest extent possible, the text and formatting have been kept exactly the same as in the original release with the exception of some minor formatting changes.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52715989	Following the breakout success of her critically acclaimed and award-winning novel Euphoria, Lily King returns with an unforgettable portrait of an artist as a young woman.Blindsided by her mother&apos;s sudden death, and wrecked by a recent love affair, Casey Peabody has arrived in Massachusetts in the summer of 1997 without a plan. Her mail consists of wedding invitations and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15724396	Magnus Chase has seen his share of trouble. Ever since that terrible night two years ago when his mother told him to run, he has lived alone on the streets of Boston, surviving by his wits, staying one step ahead of the police and the truant officers.One day, Magnus learns that someone else is trying to track him down—his uncle Randolph, a man his mother had always warned
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43325	Librarian&apos;s note: There is an Alternate Cover Edition for this edition of this book here.Three young doctors-their hopes, their dreams, their unexpected desires... Dr. Paige Taylor: She swore it was euthanasia, but when Paige inherited a million dollars from a patient, the D.A. called it murder. Dr. Kat Hunter: She vowed never to let another man too close again-until she a
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34189313	Throughout your life, you&apos;ve had parents, coaches, teachers, friends and mentors who have pushed you to be better than your excuses and bigger than your fears. What if the secret to having the confidence and courage to enrich your life and work is simply knowing how to push yourself?  Using the science of habits, riveting stories and surprising facts from some of the most
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/108986	This title covers a broad range of algorithms in depth, yet makes their design and analysis accessible to all levels of readers. Each chapter is relatively self-contained and can be used as a unit of study. The algorithms are described in English and in a pseudocode designed to be readable by anyone who has done a little programming. The explanations have been kept element
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19510	One of the greatest philosophers of the nineteenth century, Schopenhauer believed that human action is determined not by reason but by &apos;will&apos; - the blind and irrational desire for physical existence. This selection of his writings on religion, ethics, politics, women and many other themes is taken from Schopenhauer&apos;s last work, Parerga and Paralipomena, which he published
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/113436	An alternate cover edition for ISBN 9780375826696 can be found here.One boy...One dragon...A world of adventure. When Eragon finds a polished blue stone in the forest, he thinks it is the lucky discovery of a poor farm boy; perhaps it will buy his family meat for the winter. But when the stone brings a dragon hatchling, Eragon soon realizes he has stumbled upon a legacy ne
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28194	Alternate cover edition: 9780439709101From internationally acclaimed storyteller Cornelia Funke, this bestselling, magical epic is now out in paperback!One cruel night, Meggie&apos;s father reads aloud from a book called INKHEART-- and an evil ruler escapes the boundaries of fiction and lands in their living room. Suddenly, Meggie is smack in the middle of the kind of adventure
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51475302	Nothing is as it seems in this chilling, twisting tale by bestselling author Andrea Portes, perfect for fans of Madeleine Roux and Danielle Vega.Rife with dark humor and chilling twists, This Is Not a Ghost Story is American Horror Story meets There’s Someone Inside Your House. It will have readers flipping back to the very first page after the shocking finale.  I am not w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/634583	Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam, the son of a little-educated boat-owner in Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, had an unparalleled career as a defence scientist, culminating in the highest civilian award of India, the Bharat Ratna. As chief of the country&apos;s defence research and development programme, Kalam demonstrated the great potential for dynamism and innovation that existed
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17660462	The definitive story of Amazon.com, one of the most successful companies in the world, and of its driven, brilliant founder, Jeff Bezos.Amazon.com started off delivering books through the mail. But its visionary founder, Jeff Bezos, wasn&apos;t content with being a bookseller. He wanted Amazon to become the everything store, offering limitless selection and seductive convenienc
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44281326	Life is over in an instant for sixteen-year-old Finn Miller when a devastating car accident tumbles her and ten others over the side of a mountain. Suspended between worlds, she watches helplessly as those she loves struggle to survive.Impossible choices are made, decisions that leave the survivors tormented with grief and regret. Unable to let go, Finn keeps vigil as they
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/50699414	In this book I am going to tell you many things you probably have not heard of before, and with Gods help I will tell the story, God wants you to hear. God and Noel started talking to me when I was four years old, God calls me Allah and Noel calls me father.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20696006	In Being Mortal, author Atul Gawande tackles the hardest challenge of his profession: how medicine can not only improve life but also the process of its endingMedicine has triumphed in modern times, transforming birth, injury, and infectious disease from harrowing to manageable. But in the inevitable condition of aging and death, the goals of medicine seem too frequently t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28686840	Everyone thinks they know Libby Strout, the girl once dubbed "America&apos;s Fattest Teen." But no one&apos;s taken the time to look past her weight to get to know who she really is. Following her mom&apos;s death, she&apos;s been picking up the pieces in the privacy of her home, dealing with her heartbroken father and her own grief. Now, Libby&apos;s ready: for high school, for new friends, for l
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16248196	In engaging prose and with practical examples and anecdotes, an eye-opening look at human reasoning and essential reading for anyone with important decisions to make.Have you ever:• Invested time in something that, with hindsight, just wasn&apos;t worth it?• Overpayed in an Ebay auction?• Continued doing something you knew was bad for you?• Sold stocks too late, or too early?•
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/452306	Carmen got the jeans at a thrift shop. They didn’t look all that great: they were worn, dirty, and speckled with bleach. On the night before she and her friends part for the summer, Carmen decides to toss them. But Tibby says they’re great. She&apos;d love to have them. Lena and Bridget also think they’re fabulous. Lena decides that they should all try them on. Whoever they fit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40603587	Geralt the Witcher—revered and hated—is a man whose magic powers, enhanced by long training and a mysterious elixir, have made him a brilliant fighter and a merciless assassin. Yet he is no ordinary murderer: his targets are the multifarious monsters and vile fiends that ravage the land and attack the innocent. But not everything monstrous-looking is evil and not everythin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106129	The third book in the Children of the Red King series, CHARLIE BONE AND THE INVISIBLE BOY offers more magical fantasy that is fast paced and easy to read. This semester at Bloor&apos;s Academy brings a few changes. There is a new art teacher, Mr. Boldova, and a new student named Belle, who lives with the Yewbeam aunts and seems to have strange power over them. Emma and Charlie
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1417677	The Practice and Theory of Bolshevism, first published in 1920, is Bertrand Russell&apos;s critique of the Communist system he witnessed in the Soviet Union.Russell, a proponent of Communist ideals, believed that the future happiness of humanity depended upon restructuring the way production and business was run. The Bolsheviks, however, pursued their goals with an iron fist ra
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17165913	The eagerly awaited addition to the series begun with the New York Times best-seller Life As We Knew It, in which a meteor knocks the moon off its orbit and the world changes forever.It&apos;s been more than two years since Jon Evans and his family left Pennsylvania, hoping to find a safe place to live, yet Jon remains haunted by the deaths of those he loved. His prowess on a s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1633	In today&apos;s world, yesterday&apos;s methods just don&apos;t work. In Getting Things Done, veteran coach and management consultant David Allen shares the breakthrough methods for stress-free performance that he has introduced to tens of thousands of people across the country. Allen&apos;s premise is simple: our productivity is directly proportional to our ability to relax. Only when our mi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/683887	This book examines closely many of the unquestioned assumptions by which we live our lives, comparing them with the beliefs that have shaped and guided human life in the past. It begins with a consideration of how secular societies attempt to possess their citizens, body and soul and how, as a consequence, the necessity of redefining human responsibility becomes an ever mo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7126	Thrown in prison for a crime he has not committed, Edmond Dantes is confined to the grim fortress of If. There he learns of a great hoard of treasure hidden on the Isle of Monte Cristo and he becomes determined not only to escape, but also to unearth the treasure and use it to plot the destruction of the three men responsible for his incarceration. Dumas’ epic tale of suff
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34043787	From the #1 New York Times best-selling author and lifestyle/cleaning guru Marie Kondo, this graphic novelization brings Kondo&apos;s life-changing tidying method to life with the fun, quirky story of a woman who transforms her home, work, and love life using Kondo&apos;s advice and inspiration.Marie Kondo presents the fictional story of Chiaki, a young woman in Tokyo who struggles
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43848929	Malcolm Gladwell, host of the podcast Revisionist History and author of the #1 New York Times bestseller Outliers, offers a powerful examination of our interactions with strangers -- and why they often go wrong.How did Fidel Castro fool the CIA for a generation? Why did Neville Chamberlain think he could trust Adolf Hitler? Why are campus sexual assaults on the rise? Do te
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24878857	From Paul Mason, the award-winning Channel 4 presenter, Postcapitalism is a guide to our era of seismic economic change, and how we can build a more equal society. Over the past two centuries or so, capitalism has undergone continual change - economic cycles that lurch from boom to bust - and has always emerged transformed and strengthened. Surveying this turbulent history
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1268536	Translation of a major work by Rabindranath Tagore
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/98920	From one of Turkey’s most acclaimed and outspoken writers, a novel about the tangled histories of two families.In her second novel written in English, Elif Shafak confronts her country’s violent past in a vivid and colorful tale set in both Turkey and the United States. At its center is the “bastard” of the title, Asya, a nineteen-year-old woman who loves Johnny Cash and t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/113946	"The Grinch hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season!Now, please don&apos;t ask why. No one quite knows the reason."Dr. Seuss&apos;s small-hearted Grinch ranks right up there with Scrooge when it comes to the crankiest, scowling holiday grumps of all time. For 53 years, the Grinch has lived in a cave on the side of a mountain, looming above the Whos in Whoville. The noisy holiday
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45897568	From the New York Times bestselling author of The House of the Spirits comes an epic novel spanning decades and crossing continents, following two young people as they flee the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War in search of a new place to call home.In the late 1930s, civil war gripped Spain. When General Franco and his Fascists succeed in overthrowing the government, hund
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13563459	The epic tale of victory and defeat… The story of the Ramayana had been told innumerable times. The enthralling story of Rama, the incarnation of God, who slew Ravana, the evil demon of darkness, is known to every Indian. And in the pages of history, as always, it is the version told by the victors that lives on. The voice of the vanquished remains lost in silence. But wha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/69242	NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER - The instant classic about why some ideas thrive, why others die, and how to improve your idea&apos;s chances--essential reading in the "fake news" era.Mark Twain once observed, "A lie can get halfway around the world before the truth can even get its boots on." His observation rings true: Urban legends, conspiracy theories, and bogus news stories cir
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8337	Based on the real-life adventures of Laura Ingalls Wilder, Little House in the Big Woods is the first book in the award-winning Little House series, which has captivated generations of readers. This edition features the classic black-and-white artwork from Garth Williams.Little House in the Big Woods takes place in 1871 and introduces us to four-year-old Laura, who lives i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15997	John Milton&apos;s Paradise Lost is one of the greatest epic poems in the English language. It tells the story of the Fall of Man, a tale of immense drama and excitement, of rebellion and treachery, of innocence pitted against corruption, in which God and Satan fight a bitter battle for control of mankind&apos;s destiny. The struggle rages across three worlds - heaven, hell, and ear
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18525702	Emma, who is half human and half Syrena, and her Syrena love, Galen, need time together. Alone. Away from the kingdoms of Poseidon and Triton. Emma’s grandfather, the Poseidon king, suggests the two visit a small town called Neptune.Neptune is home to both Syrena and Half-Breeds alike. But Emma and Galen didn’t sign up to be peacemakers between the ocean-living Syrena and
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12127750	Annabeth is terrified. Just when she&apos;s about to be reunited with Percy—after six months of being apart, thanks to Hera—it looks like Camp Jupiter is preparing for war. As Annabeth and her friends Jason, Piper, and Leo fly in on the Argo II, she can&apos;t blame the Roman demigods for thinking the ship is a Greek weapon. With its steaming bronze dragon figurehead, Leo&apos;s fantasti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/88061	In this lyrical, unsentimental, and compelling memoir, the son of a black African father and a white American mother searches for a workable meaning to his life as a black American. It begins in New York, where Barack Obama learns that his father—a figure he knows more as a myth than as a man—has been killed in a car accident. This sudden death inspires an emotional odysse
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43451658	Truth Eternal – The Heartfulness Way SeriesHave you ever wondered about the nature of the soul? And how your heart, mind, physical body and soul are connected? And what happens to the soul at the time of death? Have you wondered about the origin of consciousness? And how it manifests in minerals, plants, animals and human beings? In this philosophical treasure, Lalaji
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18693771	A pioneering researcher and one of the world’s foremost experts on traumatic stress offers a bold new paradigm for healing. Trauma is a fact of life. Veterans and their families deal with the painful aftermath of combat; one in five Americans has been molested; one in four grew up with alcoholics; one in three couples have engaged in physical violence. Such experiences ine
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43923951	In the midst of a family crisis one late evening, white blogger Alix Chamberlain calls her African American babysitter, Emira, asking her to take toddler Briar to the local market for distraction. There, the security guard accuses Emira of kidnapping Briar, and Alix&apos;s efforts to right the situation turn out to be good intentions selfishly mismanaged.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37045238	George R.R. Martin’s epic A Song of Ice and Fire series continues with this latest installment of A Clash of Kings!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8686068	Yasuko lives a quiet life, working in a Tokyo bento shop, a good mother to her only child. But when her ex-husband appears at her door without warning one day, her comfortable world is shattered. When Detective Kusanagi of the Tokyo Police tries to piece together the events of that day, he finds himself confronted by the most puzzling, mysterious circumstances he has ever
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15958503	From 1978 to 1996, the late Gai Eaton gave a series of talks on BBC Radio about Islam and its role in contemporary society and this account features 86 of these talks—variously titled “Reflections,” “Words of Faith,” and “Pause for Thought.” Providing a beautifully clear and accessible introduction to Islam’s central tenets, principles, and practices, this book utilizes wi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51014619	Figuring out how to deal with today&apos;s critical economic problems is perhaps the great challenge of our time. Much greater than space travel or perhaps even the next revolutionary medical breakthrough, what is at stake is the whole idea of the good life as we have known it.Immigration and inequality, globalization and technological disruption, slowing growth and acceleratin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3263607	One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkeness bind themIn ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven-smiths, and Sauron, The Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle-earth,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/186074	Told in Kvothe&apos;s own voice, this is the tale of the magically gifted young man who grows to be the most notorious wizard his world has ever seen. The intimate narrative of his childhood in a troupe of traveling players, his years spent as a near-feral orphan in a crime-ridden city, his daringly brazen yet successful bid to enter a legendary school of magic, and his life as
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/51962594	Ed is delighted to meet his twenty-three year old daughter&apos;s fiancé for the first time. Ryan appears to be the perfect future son-in-law. There&apos;s just one problem. There&apos;s something off about Ryan. Something hidden in the shadows behind his eyes. And it seems that only Ed can see it.Terrified that his daughter is being drawn in by a psychopath, Ed sets out to uncover her f
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3750	‘For several minutes he stood speechless, his eyes dazzled by the terrible beauty of the greatest weapon on earth’He’s a self-made millionaire, head of the Moonraker rocket programme and loved by the press. So why is Sir Hugo Drax cheating at cards? Bond has just five days to uncover the sinister truth behind a national hero, in Ian Fleming’s third 007 adventure.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14028	Nobel Prize recipient Yasunari Kawabata&apos;s Snow Country is widely considered to be the writer&apos;s masterpiece, a powerful tale of wasted love set amid the desolate beauty of western Japan.At an isolated mountain hot spring, with snow blanketing every surface, Shimamura, a wealthy dilettante meets Komako, a lowly geisha. She gives herself to him fully and without remorse, desp
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2580306	জোছনা ও জননীর গল্প বাংলাদেশের জনপ্রিয় ঔপন্যাসিক হুমায়ূন আহমেদ রচিত একটি মুক্তিযুদ্ধ ভিত্তিক উপন্যাস।
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3693	As the Orient Express hurtles across Europe on its three-day journey from Ostend to Constantinople, the driven lives of several of its passengers become bound together in a fateful interlock. The menagerie of characters include Coral Musker, a beautiful chorus girl; Carleton Myatt, a rich Jewish businessman; Richard John, a mysterious and kind doctor returning to his nativ
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44890081	Exploring the psychological dynamics of the relationship between a precocious yet naïve teenage girl and her magnetic and manipulative teacher, a brilliant, all-consuming read that marks the explosive debut of an extraordinary new writer.2000. Bright, ambitious, and yearning for adulthood, fifteen-year-old Vanessa Wye becomes entangled in an affair with Jacob Strane, her m
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7664345	LENA HAS LIVED her whole life near the beach - walking for miles up and down the shore and breathing the salty air, swimming in the cold water, and watching the surfers rule the waves - the problem is, she&apos;s spent her whole life just watching.As her sixteenth birthday approaches, Lena vows she will no longer watch from the sand: she will learn to surf.But her father - a fo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/37880811	From the New York Times bestselling authors of Sprint, a simple 4-step system for improving focus, finding greater joy in your work, and getting more out of every dayNobody ever looked at an empty calendar and said, "The best way to spend this time is by cramming it full of meetings!" or got to work in the morning and thought, Today I&apos;ll spend hours on Facebook! Yet that&apos;s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/227778	Time is running out for Charlie Bone . . . Charlies hopes that the new term at Bloor&apos;s Academy will hold no nasty surprises. But then Henry Yewbeam appears, twisted through time from the icy winter of 1916.With the scheming Yewbeam aunts on the prowl, and the Bloors out to catch him, Henry will need Charlie&apos;s help just to stay alive. Bloor&apos;s Academy can be a very dangerous
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31437742	I don&apos;t care which city. I don&apos;t care which flight. I just need to get the hell out of here... Paris Weston is tired of all the broken promises her boyfriend has given her over the years. Instead of showing up to their ‘secret’ engagement party, she shows up to the airport—ready and willing to go wherever the next flight is bound. Determined to get away and start again, sh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49127539	The 16th novel by #1 bestselling author Louise Penny finds Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Quebec investigating a sinister plot in the City of LightOn their first night in Paris, the Gamaches gather as a family for a bistro dinner with Armand’s godfather, the billionaire Stephen Horowitz. Walking home together after the meal, they watch in horror as Stephen
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1622	Shakespeare&apos;s intertwined love polygons begin to get complicated from the start--Demetrius and Lysander both want Hermia but she only has eyes for Lysander. Bad news is, Hermia&apos;s father wants Demetrius for a son-in-law. On the outside is Helena, whose unreturned love burns hot for Demetrius. Hermia and Lysander plan to flee from the city under cover of darkness but are pur
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11297	Toru, a quiet and preternaturally serious young college student in Tokyo, is devoted to Naoko, a beautiful and introspective young woman, but their mutual passion is marked by the tragic death of their best friend years before. Toru begins to adapt to campus life and the loneliness and isolation he faces there, but Naoko finds the pressures and responsibilities of life unb
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18080597	Has anyone ever asked you—What were the best days of your life? That one period of your life you always wanted to go back to? And live that life . . . one more time? When asked this, I closed my eyes and went back in my own past. And I thought . . . . . . of the days, when life&apos;s most complex choices had a simple solution of Akkad Bakkad Bambey Bo! . . . of the seasons whe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18849602	From Rhonda Byrne, creator of the international bestselling movie and book, The Secret, comes Hero, her latest world-changing project and the most important to date.FROM ZERO TO HERO...YOUR SECRET MAP TO A RICH LIFE What is your true calling and why aren&apos;t you already living it? Imagine if there was a map that showed you step by step how to get from where you are now to yo
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/318431	Nelson Mandela is one of the great moral and political leaders of our time: an international hero whose lifelong dedication to the fight against racial oppression in South Africa won him the Nobel Peace Prize and the presidency of his country. Since his triumphant release in 1990 from more than a quarter-century of imprisonment, Mandela has been at the center of the most c
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43834909	Two sisters travel the same streets, though their lives couldn&apos;t be more different. Then, one of them goes missing.In a Philadelphia neighborhood rocked by the opioid crisis, two once-inseparable sisters find themselves at odds. One, Kacey, lives on the streets in the vise of addiction. The other, Mickey, walks those same blocks on her police beat. They don&apos;t speak anymore
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/223666	This is the story of an Italian general, accompanied by his chaplain, charged with the mission of scouring Albania in search of the bones of their fallen countrymen, killed twenty years earlier during World War II.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/320	The brilliant, bestselling, landmark novel that tells the story of the Buendia family, and chronicles the irreconcilable conflict between the desire for solitude and the need for love—in rich, imaginative prose that has come to define an entire genre known as "magical realism."
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49086164	"JOIN ME, AND TOGETHER, WE CAN RULE THE GALAXY AS FATHER AND SON!"In the shattering climax of The Empire Strikes Back, DARTH VADER infamously reveals his true relationship to LUKE SKYWALKER and invites his son to rule the galaxy with him. But Luke refuses - plunging into the abyss beneath Cloud City rather than turn to the Dark Side. We all remember Luke&apos;s utter horror in
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/179612	No, democracy is not identical with the subordination of the minority to the majority. Democracy is a state which recogizes the subordination of the minority to the majority, i.e., an organization for the systematic use of violence by one class against the other, by one section of the population against another.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16096824	Feyre&apos;s survival rests upon her ability to hunt and kill – the forest where she lives is a cold, bleak place in the long winter months. So when she spots a deer in the forest being pursued by a wolf, she cannot resist fighting it for the flesh. But to do so, she must kill the predator and killing something so precious comes at a price ...Dragged to a magical kingdom for th
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/150131	A Nobel Prize-winning physicist explains what happened at the very beginning of the universe, and how we know, in this popular science classic.Our universe has been growing for nearly 14 billion years. But almost everything about it, from the elements that forged stars, planets, and lifeforms, to the fundamental forces of physics, can be traced back to what happened in jus
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3876	The quintessential novel of the Lost Generation, The Sun Also Rises is one of Ernest Hemingway&apos;s masterpieces, and a classic example of his spare but powerful writing style. A poignant look at the disillusionment and angst of the post-World War I generation, the novel introduces two of Hemingway&apos;s most unforgettable characters: Jake Barnes and Lady Brett Ashley. The story
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12925063	My name is Evie Claremont and this was to be the making of me–my freshman year of college. I’d been hoping that once I’d arrived on Crestwood’s campus, the nightmare that I’ve been having would go away. It hasn’t.I may be an inexperienced seventeen-year-old, but I’m grounded…sane. I look for rational explanations to even the strangest circumstances. Since meeting sophomore
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16333	An old-fashioned London Hotel is not quite as reputable as it makes out! When Miss Marple comes up from the country for a holiday in London, she finds what she&apos;s looking for at Bertram&apos;s Hotel: traditional décor and impeccable service. But she senses an unmistakable atmosphere of danger behind the highly polished veneer. Not even Miss Marple can foresee the violent chain o
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14833682	This official tie-in photo guidebook is packed with exclusive photographs and in-depth text offering a sneak peek at the highly anticipated new film The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, directed by Peter Jackson.Join the hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, Gandalf the wizard and the Company of Dwarves on their Quest to recover treasure stolen by the Dragon, Smaug the Magnificent. Leaving
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6534	Four women with nothing in common, united only in death. Four brutalized victims of a brilliant monster - a "Mr. Nobody", moving undetected through a paralyzed city, leaving behind a gruesome trail of carnage . . . but few clues. With skilled hands, an unerring eye, and the latest advances in forensic research, an unrelenting female medical examiner - Kay Scarpetta - is de
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/368593	What do you do? Tim Ferriss has trouble answering the question. Depending on when you ask this controversial Princeton University guest lecturer, he might answer: "I race motorcycles in Europe." "I ski in the Andes." "I scuba dive in Panama." "I dance tango in Buenos Aires." He has spent more than five years learning the secrets of the New Rich, a fast-growing subculture w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6288	A searing, postapocalyptic novel destined to become Cormac McCarthy’s masterpiece.A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind. It is cold enough to crack stones, and when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the coast, although they don’t know what, if anything, awaits t
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15717943	Sometimes discovering the truth can leave you more hopeless than believing the lies…That’s what seventeen-year-old Sky realizes after she meets Dean Holder. A guy with a reputation that rivals her own and an uncanny ability to invoke feelings in her she’s never had before. He terrifies her and captivates her all in the span of just one encounter, and something about the wa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35504431	It all begins with a fugitive billionaire and the promise of a cash reward. Turtles All the Way Down is about lifelong friendship, the intimacy of an unexpected reunion, Star Wars fan fiction, and tuatara. But at its heart is Aza Holmes, a young woman navigating daily existence within the ever-tightening spiral of her own thoughts.In his long-awaited return, John Green sha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43884998	Spend your winter on sunlit shores in the New York Times bestselling follow-up to Winter in Paradise, where secret lives and new loves emerge under the bright Caribbean sky.A year ago, Irene Steele had the shock of her life: her loving husband, father to their grown sons and successful businessman, was killed in a helicopter crash. But that wasn&apos;t Irene&apos;s only shatteri
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/112247	The bible of all fundamental algorithms and the work that taught many of today&apos;s software developers most of what they know about computer programming.  -Byte, September 1995 I can&apos;t begin to tell you how many pleasurable hours of study and recreation they have afforded me! I have pored over them in cars, restaurants, at work, at home... and even at a Little League game wh
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13497818	A BIG NOVEL ABOUT A SMALL TOWN ...When Barry Fairbrother dies in his early forties, the town of Pagford is left in shock.Pagford is, seemingly, an English idyll, with a cobbled market square and an ancient abbey, but what lies behind the pretty façade is a town at war.Rich at war with poor, teenagers at war with their parents, wives at war with their husbands, teachers at
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4810535	In Khaled Hosseini&apos;s best-selling novel The Kite Runner (Riverhead Books, 2003), Hosseini shows us an Afghanistan rich in tradition and culture and an Afghanistan torn apart by war and political strife. We see Muslims who are not so different from Christians or Jews. In Search of the Kite Runner looks at the basic themes that make The Kite Runner such a fascinating and tho
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21787	What happens when the most beautiful girl in the world marries the handsomest prince of all time and he turns out to be...well...a lot less than the man of her dreams?As a boy, William Goldman claims, he loved to hear his father read the S. Morgenstern classic, The Princess Bride. But as a grown-up he discovered that the boring parts were left out of good old Dad&apos;s recitat
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/984021	Overachieving and eccentric football manager Brian Clough was on his way to take over at the country&apos;s most successful, and most reviled football club: Leeds United, home to a generation of fiercely competitive but ageing players. The battle he&apos;d face there would make or break the club - or him.David Peace&apos;s extraordinarily inventive novel tells the story of a world charac
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/708124	Masterful in its simplicity, Chronicle in Stone is a touching coming-of-age story and a testament to the perseverance of the human spirit. Surrounded by the magic of beautiful women and literature, a boy must endure the deprivations of war as he suffers the hardships of growing up. His sleepy country has just thrown off centuries of tyranny, but new waves of domination inu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39988	Matilda is a little girl who is far too good to be true. At age five-and-a-half she&apos;s knocking off double-digit multiplication problems and blitz-reading Dickens. Even more remarkably, her classmates love her even though she&apos;s a super-nerd and the teacher&apos;s pet. But everything is not perfect in Matilda&apos;s world. For starters she has two of the most idiotic, self-centered pa
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35177677	A murder in an elevator. A trail of heady perfume. The nanasaheb&apos;s priceless naulakha necklace.Feluda, Topshe and Jatayu are in Bombay where Jatayu&apos;s latest book is being filmed under the title Jet Bahadur. Soon after Jatayu hands over a package to a man in a red shirt, a murder takes place in the high-rise where the producer lives. Feluda and his companions find themselve
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14759169	тАЬрж╕рзЛржорзЗржи ржЪржирзНржжрзЗрж░ рж▓рзЗржЦрж╛ ржЕрж╕рж╛ржзрж╛рж░ржг ржЫрзЛржЯ ржЧрж▓рзНржк тАШржЗржБржжрзБрж░тАЩ ржкржбрж╝рж╛рж░ ржкрж░ржЗ ржирж┐ржорзНржи ржоржзрзНржпржмрж┐рждрзНрждржжрзЗрж░ ржирж┐ржпрж╝рзЗ ржЧрж▓рзНржк рж▓рзЗржЦрж╛рж░ ржПржХржЯрж╛ рж╕рзБрждрзАржмрзНрж░ ржЗржЪрзНржЫрж╛ рж╣ржпрж╝ред тАШржиржирзНржжрж┐ржд ржирж░ржХрзЗтАЩ , тАШрж╢ржЩрзНржЦржирзАрж▓ ржХрж╛рж░рж╛ржЧрж╛рж░тАЩ ржУ тАШржоржирж╕рзБржмрж┐ржЬржитАЩ ржирж╛ржорзЗ рждрж┐ржиржЯрж┐ ржЖрж▓рж╛ржжрж╛ ржЧрж▓рзНржк ржкрзНрж░рж╛ржпрж╝ рж╕ржЩрзНржЧрзЗ рж╕ржЩрзНржЧрзЗржЗ рж▓рж┐ржЦрзЗ ржлрзЗрж▓рж┐ред ржирж┐ржЬрзЗрж░ ржЙржкрж░рзЗ ржмрж┐рж╢рзНржмрж╛рж╕рзЗрж░ ржЕржнрж╛ржмрзЗрж░ ржЬржирзНржпрзЗржЗ рж▓рзЗржЦрж╛ржЧрзБрж▓рж┐ ржжрзАрж░рзНржШржжрж┐ржи ржЖржбрж╝рж╛рж▓рзЗ ржкржбрж╝рзЗ ржерж╛ржХрзЗред ржпрж╛ржЗрж╣рзЛржХ ржЬржирж╛ржм ржЖрж╣ржоржж ржЫржлрж╛ ржУ ржмржирзНржзрзБ рж░ржлрж┐ржХ ржХрж╛ржпрж╝рж╕рж╛рж░рзЗрж░ ржЖржЧрзНрж░рж╣рзЗ тАШржиржирзНржжрж┐ржд ржирж░ржХрзЗтАЩ ржкрзНрж░ржХрж╛рж╢рж┐ржд рж╣ржпрж╝ ржорж╛рж╕ ржЫржпрж╝рзЗржХ ржЖржЧ
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12127810	Hazel stands at a crossroads. She and the remaining crew of the Argo II could return home with the Athena Parthenos statue and try to stop Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter from going to war. Or they could continue their quest to find the House of Hades, where they might be able to open the Doors of Death, rescue their friends Percy and Annabeth from Tartarus, and prevent m
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28187	Alternate cover for this ISBN can be found herePercy Jackson is a good kid, but he can&apos;t seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his temper. And lately, being away at boarding school is only getting worse - Percy could have sworn his pre-algebra teacher turned into a monster and tried to kill him. When Percy&apos;s mom finds out, she knows it&apos;s time that he knew the truth ab
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22557272	An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here.Rachel catches the same commuter train every morning. She knows it will wait at the same signal each time, overlooking a row of back gardens. She’s even started to feel like she knows the people who live in one of the houses. “Jess and Jason,” she calls them. Their life—as she sees it—is perfect. If only Rachel c
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52698452	“I am Ana. I was the wife of Jesus.”Raised in a wealthy family in Sepphoris with ties to the ruler of Galilee, Ana is rebellious and ambitious, a relentless seeker with a brilliant, curious mind and a daring spirit. She yearns for a pursuit worthy of her life, but finds no outlet for her considerable talents. Defying the expectations placed on women, she engages in fur
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1923820	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/112803	Mohandas K. Gandhi is one of the most inspiring figures of our time. In his classic autobiography he recounts the story of his life and how he developed his concept of active nonviolent resistance, which propelled the Indian struggle for independence and countless other nonviolent struggles of the twentieth century.In a new foreword, noted peace expert and teacher Sissela
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/38560576	
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18135	In Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare creates a violent world, in which two young people fall in love. It is not simply that their families disapprove; the Montagues and the Capulets are engaged in a blood feud.In this death-filled setting, the movement from love at first sight to the lovers’ final union in death seems almost inevitable. And yet, this play set in an extraordina
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/126811	Many people have long suspected, as astrologers believe, that the day you were born affects your personality. While no one knows exactly how or why, birthdays do tend to be uncannily accurate predictors of psychological tendencies. The Secret Language of Birthdays by Gary Goldschneider and Joost Effers describes in detail the characteristics and quirks of personality assoc
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/92303	Oscar Wilde&apos;s madcap farce about mistaken identities, secret engagements, and lovers entanglements still delights readers more than a century after its 1895 publication and premiere performance. The rapid-fire wit and eccentric characters of The Importance of Being Earnest have made it a mainstay of the high school curriculum for decades.Cecily Cardew and Gwendolen Fairfax
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/194805	A major new collection from "arguably the most important intellectual alive" (The New York Times). Noam Chomsky is universally accepted as one of the preeminent public intellectuals of the modern era. Over the past thirty years, broadly diverse audiences have gathered to attend his sold-out lectures. Now, in Understanding Power, Peter Mitchell and John Schoeffel have assem
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18710619	For the first time, all five novels in the epic fantasy series that inspired HBO’s Game of Thrones are together in one eBook bundle. An immersive entertainment experience unlike any other, A Song of Ice and Fire has earned George R. R. Martin—dubbed “the American Tolkien” by Time magazine—international acclaim and millions of loyal readers. Now this bundle collects the ent
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34460583	New York Times bestselling author Donald Miller uses the seven universal elements of powerful stories to teach readers how to dramatically improve how they connect with customers and grow their businesses.Donald Miller’s StoryBrand process is a proven solution to the struggle business leaders face when talking about their businesses. This revolutionary method for connectin
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17166225	What if you could miraculously wake up tomorrow and any—or every area of your life was transformed? What would be different? Would you be happier? Healthier? More successful? In better shape? Would you have more energy? Less Stress? More Money? Better relationships? Which of your problems would be solved?What if I told you that there is a "not-so-obvious" secret that is gu
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6400090	Alternate Cover Edition can be found hereSeventeen-year-old Veronica &apos;Ronnie&apos; Miller’s life was turned upside-down when her parents divorced and her father moved from New York City to Wilmington, North Carolina. Three years later, she remains angry and alienated from her parents, especially her father . . . until her mother decides it would be in everyone’s best interest i
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6148028	Sparks are igniting.Flames are spreading.And the Capitol wants revenge. Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the Hunger Games. She and fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark are miraculously still alive. Katniss should be relieved, happy even. After all, she has returned to her family and her longtime friend, Gale. Yet nothing is the way Katniss wishes it to be. Ga
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7849341	With the head-to-head battle against the villainous Lokesh behind her, Kelsey confronts a new heartbreak: in the wake of his traumatic experience, her beloved Ren no longer remembers who she is. As the trio continues their quest by challenging five cunning and duplicitous dragons, Ren and Kishan once more vie for her affections--leaving Kelsey more confused than ever.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36236124	Chuck Palahniuk showed himself to be his generation’s most visionary satirist in this, his first book. Fight Club’s estranged narrator leaves his lackluster job when he comes under the thrall of Tyler Durden, an enigmatic young man who holds secret after-hours boxing matches in the basement of bars. There, two men fight "as long as they have to." This is a gloriously origi
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6969361	Love marriages around the world are simple: Boy loves girl. Girl loves boy. They get married. In India, there are a few more steps: Boy loves Girl. Girl loves Boy. Girl&apos;s family has to love boy. Boy&apos;s family has to love girl. Girl&apos;s Family has to love Boy&apos;s Family. Boy&apos;s family has to love girl&apos;s family. Girl and Boy still love each other. They get married.Welcome to 2 Sta
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28371678	The Mockingjay is the final book of Suzanne Collins’ very famous trilogy, The Hunger Games. Released in 2010, the book follows Katniss Everdeen’s role as the Mockingjay of the rebellion of the 13 districts against the Capitol.   A lot can be learned from this summary, including:  • What people are willing to go through to get what they want. • How love can make you do the
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13183957	The last thing Dawson Black expected was Bethany Williams. As a Luxen, an alien life form on Earth, human girls are…well, fun. But since the Luxen have to keep their true identities a secret, falling for one would be insane.Dangerous. Tempting. Undeniable.Bethany can’t deny the immediate connection between her and Dawson. And even though boys aren’t a complication she want
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44770388	&apos;And then finally I felt sadness, aided perhaps by those futile notes, by the dust that keeps thickening, by the untouchable past, the inevitable future, and by everything else that pushes us around.&apos;Ib lives with his schizophrenic father and his &apos;nice&apos; mother negotiating life, not knowing what to do, steered by uncaring winds and pushy people. From his slimy, unmiraculous
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2373	Lincoln Rhyme was once a brilliant criminologist, a genius in the field of forensics -- until an accident left him physically and emotionally shattered. But now a diabolical killer is challenging Rhyme to a terrifying and ingenious duel of wits. With police detective Amelia Sachs by his side, Rhyme must follow a labyrinth of clues that reaches back to a dark chapter in New
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22447838	Death comes to Winterfell in the fourth installment of Daniel Abraham&apos;s thrilling adaptation of George R. R. Martin&apos;s fantasy masterwork A Game of Thrones. Bran Stark lies broken, in a coma from which he may never awaken. Yet his would-be killers dare not leave his death to chance. And now is the time to strike. Bran&apos;s father, Eddard Stark, has left for King&apos;s Landing to s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24583	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer revolves around the youthful adventures of the novel&apos;s schoolboy protagonist, Thomas Sawyer, whose reputation precedes him for causing mischief and strife. Tom lives with his Aunt Polly, half-brother Sid, and cousin Mary in the quaint town of St. Petersburg, just off the shore of the Mississippi River. St. Petersburg is described as a typical s
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18770267	Drawing on cognitive psychology and other fields, Make It Stick offers techniques for becoming more productive learners, and cautions against study habits and practice routines that turn out to be counterproductive. The book speaks to students, teachers, trainers, athletes, and all those interested in lifelong learning and self-improvement.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21413662	Randall Munroe left NASA in 2005 to start up his hugely popular site XKCD &apos;a web comic of romance, sarcasm, math and language&apos; which offers a witty take on the world of science and geeks. It now has 600,000 to a million page hits daily. Every now and then, Munroe would get emails asking him to arbitrate a science debate. &apos;My friend and I were arguing about what would happe
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18081228	Wilhelmina has a hundred identities.She is a princess. When the Indigo Kingdom conquered her homeland, Wilhelmina and other orphaned children of nobility were taken to Skyvale, the Indigo Kingdom’s capital. Ten years later, they are the Ospreys, experts at stealth and theft. With them, Wilhelmina means to take back her throne.She is a spy. Wil and her best friend, Melanie,
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/561456	It&apos;s not everyday you find yourself in combat with a half-lion, half-human.But when you&apos;re the son of a Greek god, it happens. And now my friend Annabeth is missing, a goddess is in chains and only five half-blood heroes can join the quest to defeat the doomsday monster.Oh, and guess what? The Oracle has predicted that not all of us will survive...
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52755548	The #1 New York Times bestselling author of the “nothing short of brilliant” (People) Mrs. Everything returns with an unforgettable novel about friendship and forgiveness set during a disastrous wedding on picturesque Cape Cod.Six years after the fight that ended their friendship, Daphne Berg is shocked when Drue Cavanaugh walks back into her life, looking as lovely and su
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/420282	The Polar Express is a treasured holiday tradition. This lavish gift set includes a CD audio recording read by Liam Neeson, a keepsake "All Aboard" ornament, and a note from author Chris Van Allsburg.Awarded the prestigious Caldecott Medal in 1986, The Polar Express has sold more than 7 million copies, become a classic holiday movie, and been translated into stage producti
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45287483	His body was sin, his cock was sin, and I was a sinner. To keep myself safe I hide in the world and let life move around me.My new partner, Nathan, isn’t safe. Far from it.The darkness coils around him, hidden by a shield created by a blinding smile. But those who live in darkness see past the façade we create.Even in darkness, there is light. A spark that ignites, then e
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18143977	An alternate cover for this ISBN can be found hereFrom the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, the stunningly beautiful instant New York Times bestseller about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II.Marie-Laure lives in Paris near the Museum of Natural History, w
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23606	Recent polls have consistently declared that J.R.R. Tolkien is "the most influential author of the century," and The Lord of the Rings is "the book of the century." In support of these claims, the prominent medievalist and scholar of fantasy Professor Tom Shippey now presents us with a fascinating companion to the works of J.R.R. Tolkien, focusing in particular on The Hobb
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/85312	A few weeks after India detonated a thermonuclear device in 1998, Arundhati Roy wrote the essay "The End of Imagination," in which she said: "My world has died. And I write to mourn its passing." The essay, as have all its successors, attracted worldwide attention, debate and acclaim. In the years since, the essays she has published in magazines and newspapers worldwide ha
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6325854	The story is being told by an old fish to her children and grandchildren about a Little Black Fish who, tired and dissatisfied with his life without any purpose in a small brook, decides to venture out in search of the sea and to learn about life in other parts of the world. At each phase of the journey he sees something new, faces threats, acquires awareness and is proud
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/244572	Cat doesn&apos;t mind living in the shadow of his sister, Gwendolen, the most promising young witch ever seen on Coven Street. But trouble starts brewing the moment the two orphans are summoned to live in Chrestomanci Castle. Frustrated that the witches of the castle refuse to acknowledge her talents, Gwendolen conjures up a scheme that could throw whole worlds out of whack.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12605157	In The $100 Startup, Chris Guillebeau shows you how to lead of life of adventure, meaning and purpose – and earn a good living.   Still in his early thirties, Chris is on the verge of completing a tour of every country on earth – he’s already visited more than 175 nations – and yet he’s never held a “real job” or earned a regular paycheck.  Rather, he has a special genius
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41793	“The computer world is like an intellectual Wild West, in which you can shoot anyone you wish with your ideas, if you’re willing to risk the consequences.” —from Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas from the Computer Age, by Paul GrahamWe are living in the computer age, in a world increasingly designed and engineered by computer programmers and software designers, by people who c
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/785454	“In the summer of 1947, when the creation of the state of Pakistan was formally announced, ten million people—Muslims and Hindus and Sikhs—were in flight. By the time the monsoon broke, almost a million of them were dead, and all of northern India was in arms, in terror, or in hiding. The only remaining oases of peace were a scatter of little villages lost in the remote re
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52712890	The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet When Rosemary Harper joins the crew of the Wayfarer, she isn&apos;t expecting much. The ship, which has seen better days, offers her everything she could possibly want: a small, quiet spot to call home for a while, adventure in far-off corners of the galaxy, and distance from her troubled past. But Rosemary gets more than she bargained for
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7108725	Why do you do what you do?Why are some people and organizations more innovative, more influential, and more profitable than others? Why do some command greater loyalty from customers and employees alike? Even among the successful, why are so few able to repeat their success over and over?People like Martin Luther King Jr., Steve Jobs, and the Wright Brothers might have lit
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41022133	A New York Times and Washington Post notable book, and one of the Financial Times, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Slate, Mother Jones, The Daily Beast, and BookPage&apos;s best books of the yearAn instant #1 New York Times Bestseller, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage is the remarkable story of a young man haunted by a great loss; of dreams and nightmares that have
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13496	Here is the first volume in George R. R. Martin’s magnificent cycle of novels that includes A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords. As a whole, this series comprises a genuine masterpiece of modern fantasy, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Magic, mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill these pages and transport us to a world unlike any we have ever
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13497	Crows will fight over a dead man&apos;s flesh, and kill each other for his eyes.Bloodthirsty, treacherous and cunning, the Lannisters are in power on the Iron Throne in the name of the boy-king Tommen. The war in the Seven Kingdoms has burned itself out, but in its bitter aftermath new conflicts spark to life.The Martells of Dorne and the Starks of Winterfell seek vengeance for
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18144590	Paulo Coelho&apos;s enchanting novel has inspired a devoted following around the world. This story, dazzling in its powerful simplicity and soul-stirring wisdom, is about an Andalusian shepherd boy named Santiago who travels from his homeland in Spain to the Egyptian desert in search of a treasure buried near the Pyramids. Along the way he meets a Gypsy woman, a man who calls h
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/227865	Thirteen-year-old criminal mastermind Artemis Fowl has constructed a supercomputer from stolen fairy technology. In the wrong hands it could be fatal for humans and fairies alike. But no need to worry, Artemis has a brilliant plan. He&apos;s not going to use the computer; he&apos;s just going to show it to a ruthless American businessman with Mafia connections. His bodyguard, Butler
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2517	At once a fiendishly devious mystery, a beguiling love story, and a brilliant symposium on the power of art, My Name Is Red is a transporting tale set amid the splendor and religious intrigue of sixteenth-century Istanbul, from one of the most prominent contemporary Turkish writers.The Sultan has commissioned a cadre of the most acclaimed artists in the land to create a gr